{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Best Nail Salon in Savannah Georgia — Feature",
    "primary_keyword": "grow nail salon client base Savannah Georgia",
    "client_type": "salon",
    "service": "Best Nail Tech / Salon in [City] Feature",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Savannah",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "best-nail-salon-savannah-feature",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-13"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "grow nail salon client base Savannah Georgia — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "best nail salon Savannah Georgia marketing",
      "nail salon award Savannah",
      "top nail salon Savannah Georgia feature",
      "nail salon press feature Savannah"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Consumer review sites and best-of lists dominate. Zero B2B editorial exists positioning a Savannah salon from a business growth angle. One targeted post owns this entirely.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "SalonPal, Booksy, Fresha, gbj.com and Yelp rank for Savannah nail content — all consumer-facing. No editorial feature post exists that speaks to a salon owner's need to grow their client base, gain editorial credibility, or increase visibility in Savannah's booming tourism market. Zero B2B angle from any competitor.",
    "links_to": [
      "how-to-fill-appointment-book-nail-salon-savannah",
      "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
      "savannah-nail-creator-spotlight"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary is the foundation — use it throughout, especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how Savannah salon owners actually talk. Do not invent new framings that contradict these phrases.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "word of mouth only goes so far",
      "my chairs are empty on weekdays",
      "tourists walk past me every day and I'm not capturing them",
      "I've got the skills — I just can't get seen"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "no editorial coverage for my salon",
      "I don't have any press behind me",
      "I look small compared to salons that have been featured"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "tap into the tourist market",
      "get repeat clients not one-time visitors",
      "build the kind of name people recognise"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to do social media",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know where to start",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "I don't understand what editorial coverage even means for me",
      "is a feature post going to actually bring people in?",
      "I've been featured before and nothing happened"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "mobile nail tech",
      "chair rental",
      "pedicure throne",
      "full set",
      "fill appointment"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand",
      "editorial visibility that drives real bookings",
      "your salon deserves to be seen"
    ],
    "savannah_specific_extensions": [
      "Savannah's tourism brings 12.9 million visitors annually — most walk past salons with no way to choose between them",
      "Savannah's busy season (April, May, June) creates demand spikes salons without visibility miss entirely",
      "68% of Savannah's overnight visitors are repeat visitors — loyalty demand is real, but only for businesses they can find",
      "tourist clients have high average spend and are looking for recommended, editorial-backed experiences",
      "Savannah salon owners competing not just locally but for visitor bookings from people who research before they arrive"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Page 1 for this keyword is all consumer content. Zero editorial B2B angle. Mirellé is not competing with Yelp — it is filling a category no one has touched. The strategic gap section is your competitive authority as a writer.",
    "what_ranks_now": "SalonPal, Booksy, Fresha, Yelp, Nailsalonsin.com, and gbj.com (Best of Georgia) dominate Savannah nail search. Every ranking result is consumer-facing: reviews, prices, booking links, staff photos. Not a single result speaks to a salon owner's business growth. The B2B editorial category for Savannah nail salons does not exist.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Best nail salons in Savannah (ranked by review)",
      "Services offered at top Savannah salons",
      "How to book a Savannah nail appointment",
      "What clients say (review summaries)",
      "Price comparisons across Savannah salons",
      "Walk-in vs appointment policies",
      "Location guides for Savannah Historic District salons"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_address": [
      "Helping consumers choose a salon (not helping owners attract clients)",
      "Listing prices and services (not helping owners grow revenue)",
      "Aggregating Google reviews (not helping owners build editorial credibility)"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How a Savannah salon owner builds a client base that doesn't depend on word of mouth",
      "How to attract tourist clients who research before they arrive",
      "How editorial visibility differs from and outperforms review sites for sustained growth",
      "What Savannah's booming tourism market means for salon client acquisition strategy",
      "How to position a salon as the recognised choice in a city visited by nearly 13 million people annually",
      "Why Instagram posts alone don't convert to new bookings in a tourist-heavy market",
      "What business owners can do to stand out beyond Yelp and Google Maps"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "All consumer-facing. Listicle or directory format. No B2B thinking, no owner psychology, no growth strategy. Written for the client booking a mani, not the owner trying to fill the appointment book.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial resource in Savannah addressing the salon owner directly on how to grow their client base. This post positions a Savannah salon as the editorially-recognised choice in a city of nearly 13 million annual visitors — a demand signal competitors cannot match because they don't think about salons as businesses."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph speaks directly to this owner. She is not a consumer. She is running a business in one of America's most visited cities and not capitalising on it because she is invisible to the people who want what she offers. Write like you know exactly where she is stuck.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A Savannah nail salon owner — likely operating 1-2 locations, 2-8 chairs, a mix of regulars and walk-ins. She may run a boutique-style operation like IIE Nail Bar or a full-service spa like Posh Nail Salon. She has real skill, a loyal core of local clients, and genuine pride in her work. She is active on Instagram but cannot convert followers to new bookings. She knows Savannah is full of tourists and visitors but has no idea how to reach them before they book elsewhere.",
      "their_core_problem": "She cannot grow her client base beyond her immediate network. Word of mouth has plateaued. Her Google Business Profile is sparse or unoptimised. She is not appearing in the searches that matter — especially the pre-arrival research tourists do before they get to Savannah. She looks identical to every other salon on Yelp and has no editorial credibility that would make a first-time visitor choose her over the dozen others listed nearby.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Posting on Instagram regularly (no new clients from it). Running a few paid Facebook ads (spent money, saw no clear bookings). Relying on Yelp and Google Maps (visible but undifferentiated). Asking happy clients to leave reviews (slow, inconsistent). Word of mouth from existing clients (plateaued). Possibly listed in gbj.com Best of Georgia (consumer angle, no business growth impact).",
      "what_they_want": "A steady, predictable stream of new clients — both local regulars and the visitors who flood Savannah year-round. She wants her salon to be the name people recognise when they look for a nail salon in Savannah. She wants editorial credibility that makes her look like the clear, recommended choice — not just one of twenty listings on a review app.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity about Savannah. Knowledge of the market — the tourism volume, the seasonal patterns, the competitive landscape. Evidence that editorial coverage translates to real client acquisition, not just vanity metrics. The feeling that Mirellé understands the nail business as a business, not just a beauty service. Proof that this is a growth tool, not a directory listing.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Anything that sounds like another marketing company promising vague results. Generic advice she could have found on Pinterest. Being made to feel unsophisticated. Paying for something that doesn't bring real, bookable clients through the door. Anything that feels like a consumer review site dressed up as B2B."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "She has a full chair on Saturdays and empty chairs on Tuesdays — and she cannot figure out why the slow days stay slow no matter what she tries.",
      "Savannah receives nearly 13 million visitors a year and she is not getting a single one because tourists research salons before they arrive, and she is not in any of the places they look.",
      "Her Instagram looks great but her DMs are not converting to bookings — social media is a content treadmill that exhausts her and does not build her client base.",
      "She knows she is as good as — better than — the salons being featured and talked about, but she has no editorial presence that makes that case to someone who has never been in her chair.",
      "New clients come in once and do not always return — the industry average new client retention rate is 30-35%, which means she is potentially losing 65-70 out of every 100 new clients after their first visit, often because there is nothing that keeps her name front of mind."
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "tourists walk right past me",
      "I post every day and get nothing",
      "my regulars love me but I can't get new people in",
      "I don't know what marketing actually works",
      "word of mouth has maxed out",
      "I'm losing clients to salons that are no better than me",
      "I need something that actually brings people through the door",
      "I've tried ads and it didn't work",
      "how do I get tourists to book with me?",
      "I don't have press, I don't have features, I don't have anything",
      "I'm invisible unless you already know me",
      "my chairs are empty on weekdays and I don't know why",
      "I keep seeing the same salons mentioned everywhere and it's not me",
      "I want my name to be the one people find when they search",
      "I do beautiful work — I just can't get seen"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "She is skilled, proud of her work, and quietly exhausted by a business that refuses to grow past a certain point despite her effort — she knows Savannah should be delivering more clients than it is, and she cannot work out why she is invisible."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger short, direct answer paragraphs (2-4 sentences). Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff. Semantic keywords should feel woven in naturally — they are the language of the nail business owner, not SEO insertions.",
    "primary_keyword": "grow nail salon client base Savannah Georgia — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "how to grow a nail salon in Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon client acquisition Savannah Georgia",
      "build nail salon clientele Savannah",
      "nail salon business growth Savannah GA",
      "expand nail salon client base Savannah",
      "nail salon get more regular clients Savannah",
      "nail salon grow bookings Savannah Georgia"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail salon editorial feature Savannah",
      "nail salon press coverage Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon visibility Savannah",
      "nail salon marketing Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon client retention Savannah",
      "nail salon online presence Savannah",
      "nail salon Google Business Profile Savannah",
      "nail salon repeat clients Savannah",
      "nail salon tourist clients Savannah",
      "nail salon local SEO Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon award feature Savannah",
      "nail salon recognition Savannah Georgia",
      "nail business credibility Savannah"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "nail salon Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon Savannah Historic District",
      "nail salon Chatham County Georgia",
      "nail salon Savannah tourism market",
      "nail business Savannah GA",
      "nail salon Tybee Island visitors",
      "nail salon Savannah Abercorn Street"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do I grow my nail salon client base in Savannah Georgia?",
      "Why is my Savannah nail salon not getting more clients?",
      "How do I get tourist clients at my Savannah nail salon?",
      "What is the best way to market a nail salon in Savannah?",
      "How do I get my nail salon featured in Savannah?",
      "Why is word of mouth not growing my Savannah nail salon?",
      "How do I stand out as a nail salon in a tourist city like Savannah?",
      "Does editorial press coverage help a nail salon get more clients?",
      "How do I get new clients at my nail salon who are not locals?",
      "What makes a nail salon in Savannah successful in attracting repeat clients?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get tourists to book with me",
      "get seen in Savannah",
      "bring new clients in",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get my name out there",
      "be the salon people find first",
      "get featured somewhere",
      "get real bookings not just followers",
      "grow my repeat client base"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block (H2 5). Write one sentence of context around each so the salon owner understands why it matters to her specifically. Source each stat clearly — do not present as Mirellé claims. These stats are selected to hit three angles: industry growth opportunity, the Savannah market specifically, and the local search visibility gap.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon market generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024 and has grown at an average of 9.7% per year over five years — with nail salons specifically expanding presence by 7% in 2024 alone.",
      "source": "Kentley Insights 2025 Nail Salons Market Research Report; Zenoti 2025 Benchmark Report",
      "context": "The demand for nail services is not slowing down — it is accelerating. If your Savannah salon is not growing, the market is not the problem. Visibility and client acquisition strategy are. The opportunity is there. The business that captures it is the one clients can actually find."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "Savannah welcomed 12.9 million visitors in 2024 — generating $4.1 billion in visitor spending — with 68% of overnight visitors being repeat visitors who return specifically for local experiences.",
      "source": "Visit Savannah / Hotel Dive, 2025; Savannah Chamber of Commerce Tourism Report, 2023-2024",
      "context": "Savannah's visitors are not accidental tourists. They come back. They spend money. They look for local businesses that feel curated and recommended — not just the first name on a booking app. A salon with editorial credibility is the one they find and return to. Without it, you are invisible to a market worth billions that walks through your city every year."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "Industry data shows the average nail salon retains only 30-35% of new clients after their first visit — meaning 65-70 out of every 100 new clients do not return. Top-performing salons convert 70% of first-time visits into a second appointment.",
      "source": "NAILS Magazine, Vital Signs: Essential Salon Statistics; Boulevard 2023 Salon Industry Client Retention Report; Meevo Salon Industry Benchmarks",
      "context": "The difference between a struggling salon and a thriving one is rarely the quality of the work — it is whether clients remember the name and come back. Editorial coverage keeps a salon's name in front of clients between visits and gives new clients a reason to choose it in the first place."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from Savannah nail salon owners who have been burned by generic marketing promises. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. The owner who feels her doubts are understood is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "Is an editorial feature post actually going to bring me new clients or is it just good-looking content?",
        "answer": "The distinction matters: a feature post on Mirellé Inspo is B2B editorial content — it is designed to rank in Google when salon owners and clients search for growth-related terms. That means it lives in search results, not just in a social media feed. When someone searches for a nail salon in Savannah and your name appears in editorial content rather than just a Yelp listing, the credibility signal is entirely different. It signals that your business has been recognised, not just listed. That difference drives bookings from people who were already looking."
      },
      {
        "question": "I tried a directory listing before and it brought me nothing. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "A directory listing puts your name next to twenty others and asks the client to pick. An editorial feature positions you as the salon worth choosing — it tells a story, builds context, and gives a first-time visitor a reason to trust you before they walk through the door. Directories are comparison tools. Editorial features are trust-building tools. They serve different functions, and the businesses that grow fastest typically have both."
      },
      {
        "question": "Savannah has a lot of tourists. How would a feature post actually reach them before they arrive?",
        "answer": "Savannah visitors overwhelmingly research before they travel. They search Google for recommendations, curated lists, and named businesses that look like the right choice — not just whichever Yelp listing is top-rated. An editorial post optimised for Savannah nail business searches puts your salon in front of that pre-arrival research window. When someone sitting in Charlotte or Atlanta is planning a Savannah trip and searches for a nail salon recommendation, a well-placed editorial piece can be what they find."
      },
      {
        "question": "I don't have a marketing budget. Is this something small salons can actually afford?",
        "answer": "Mirellé Inspo is editorial content — it is a different category from paid advertising. Reach out to contact@mirelleinspo.com and the team will tell you exactly what is involved. Editorial placement is not built on ad spend; it is built on position in search — which means the value compounds over time rather than disappearing the moment a campaign ends."
      },
      {
        "question": "My Instagram looks great. Isn't that enough?",
        "answer": "Instagram is brilliant for showing your work to people who already know you exist. It does not capture the people who are searching for a salon in Savannah and have never heard of you. Those people are looking on Google, not scrolling Instagram. Editorial content built for search captures a fundamentally different and much larger audience than a social profile — the clients who are actively looking and ready to book, not passively browsing."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component and is built from real pain language and real search queries — not generic labels. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s.",
    "h1": "Grow Your Nail Salon Client Base in Savannah, Georgia — The Editorial Advantage You Are Missing",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Your Chairs Are Empty on Weekdays and Savannah Has 12.9 Million Annual Visitors — Something Does Not Add Up",
      "H2 2: Why Word of Mouth Has Stopped Working and What Savannah Salon Owners Are Doing Instead",
      "H2 3: How Mirellé Inspo Positions Your Salon as the Named, Recognised Choice in Savannah",
      "H2 4: What Your Salon Gets from an Editorial Feature on Mirellé Inspo",
      "H2 5: The Numbers Behind Savannah's Nail Market Opportunity",
      "H2 6: What Savannah Salon Owners Ask Before They Reach Out"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — Hit the core contradiction. Savannah is one of the most visited cities in the US. Her salon should be full. It is not. Why? She is invisible to the people who want what she offers because they cannot find her before they book elsewhere.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — Word of mouth has a ceiling. Every salon owner hits it. Instagram does not reach the people who are actively searching. Yelp makes her look identical to every other listing. The gap is editorial credibility — something no consumer platform provides.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — Introduce Mirellé editorially as the answer. Not a directory. Not an ad platform. A B2B editorial publication that positions Savannah salons as the recognised, named choice for clients who are searching — including the pre-arrival tourist research window.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 tight bullets. What the salon owner gets. Position, credibility, search visibility, a growth asset that compounds over time.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — Three real market stats with context. US nail market growth. Savannah tourism scale. New client retention reality. All three build the case that the demand exists and the business that captures it is the one that can be found.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — Five real objections answered directly and honestly. No dodge. No spin. Post ends with CTA button after FAQ.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — no H2, post ends here"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All three links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. Each link should feel like a natural next step for the reader at that moment in the post, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "how-to-fill-appointment-book-nail-salon-savannah",
        "title": "How to Fill Your Appointment Book — Savannah Nail Salon",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 2 (Pain Block continued) — immediately after the section on slow days and word-of-mouth ceiling. The reader is deep in the pain of empty chairs; this link is the editorial next step for practical appointment-filling strategy. Natural editorial bridge: 'If you are dealing with slow days specifically, [link] breaks down the strategies Savannah salon owners are using to keep their books full year-round.'",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Tech Get More Clients — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 4 (What We Offer) — after listing the salon-specific benefits. If the reader is a booth renter or independent tech working within a salon context rather than an owner, this link serves them without breaking the flow for the primary salon audience. Natural editorial bridge: 'If you are an independent nail tech operating in Savannah rather than a salon owner, [link] is written specifically for your situation.'",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed. Apply the salon-specific nuance on top of that fixed framework. The voice here is peer-level — experienced industry editorial talking to a business owner who knows her craft and does not need to be taught about nails. She needs to be given credit for what she already knows, and shown clearly what she is missing.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Salon owner. Peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. She runs a real business and she knows it — speak to the business, not the beauty. Acknowledge the grind without being patronising. She has heard generic marketing advice. Do not give her more of it. Give her the specific Savannah argument — the tourism volume, the pre-arrival research window, the credibility gap — and she will recognise immediately that this is different.",
    "savannah_specific_tone_note": "Savannah is not just a local market — it is a city of nearly 13 million annual visitors. The salon owner here is not just competing for local regulars; she is operating in a tourism economy that should be feeding her business and currently is not. The tone should make her feel the scale of what she is missing — not as failure, but as an unlocked opportunity that is within reach.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Telling the owner how to do nails or run a salon — she already knows",
      "Consumer language — this post is never written for the person booking a manicure"
    ]
  },

  "research_notes": {
    "savannah_market_context": "Savannah is one of the US's most visited cities — 12.9 million visitors in 2024, $4.1 billion in visitor spending, 68% repeat overnight visitors. The city's tourism peaks April-May-June but is spread fairly evenly year-round. The Historic District, River Street, and Forsyth Park areas drive heavy foot traffic. Nail salons confirmed in the market include Posh Nail Salon (2 locations, established 2005), IIE Nail Bar (boutique luxury, SCAD-adjacent), Savannah Nail Bar (established 2012, family-run), Nova Nails Salon and Suites, Victory Nails Lounge, Coco Nails and Spa, La Bella Nails, and C'est La Vie Nails LLC — a competitive local market where no salon has editorial B2B positioning.",
    "key_competitor_gap": "gbj.com (Best of Georgia) runs consumer award listings but from a review aggregation angle. No editorial post exists speaking to a Savannah nail salon owner about how to grow her client base, how to attract tourist clients, or what editorial credibility does that Yelp listings cannot. Mirellé owns this space immediately.",
    "industry_stats_sourced": "All three stat block figures verified against primary sources. US market growth from Kentley Insights 2025 report and Zenoti 2025 Benchmark. Savannah tourism from Visit Savannah, Hotel Dive reporting, and Savannah Chamber of Commerce. Client retention benchmarks from NAILS Magazine Vital Signs and Boulevard 2023 Client Retention Report — both well-established industry sources."
  }
}
