{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_id": 41,
    "post_title": "B2B Distributor Spotlight — Help International Nail Brands Get Into US Salons",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand find US distributor editorial platform",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_type": "International Brand Seeking US Distributor",
    "service": "B2B Distributor / Stockist Spotlight",
    "geo_level": "national",
    "country": "USA",
    "region": null,
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "international-nail-brand-distributor-spotlight-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-31"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "USA — National",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand find US distributor editorial platform",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "international nail brand US stockist",
      "nail brand get into US salons distributor",
      "nail brand US distribution route editorial",
      "how nail brand enter US professional market distributor"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Quora data confirms 'nail brand US distributor' searches are real and frequent from international brand owners. No editorial platform owns this phrase. Existing results point to Alibaba, Quora answers, and generic B2B directories — none are nail-specific or editorial. Wide open.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "No nail editorial platform positions itself as a bridge to US distributors and stockists. SalonCentric exists but brands cannot discover it editorially. CosmeticIndex is a thin, outdated listing. Nailsmag distributor directory is not framed as a brand discovery tool. ZERO editorial B2B content addresses an international brand owner's search intent here.",
    "links_to": [
      "k-beauty-nail-brand-us-market-entry-usa",
      "uk-european-nail-brand-us-entry-usa"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "k-beauty-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
      "uk-european-nail-brand-product-listing-usa"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary represents real language used by international nail brand owners and marketing decision-makers searching for US market entry. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is exactly how your reader talks.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nobody in the US knows we exist",
      "great product, zero US presence",
      "we spent a fortune at Cosmoprof and came home with nothing",
      "distributors won't return our emails",
      "we can't get in front of the right nail techs",
      "SalonCentric feels impossible to break into",
      "we don't know who the buyers actually are",
      "our products are sitting in a warehouse",
      "we're invisible to the American market",
      "we've done every trade show and still have no stockist"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not findable by US distributors",
      "no presence in the professional market",
      "nail techs have never heard of us",
      "invisible to salon buyers",
      "no editorial footprint in the US trade space"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "find a US stockist",
      "secure a distribution partner",
      "get picked up by a US distributor",
      "get our brand in front of nail professionals",
      "break into the American salon market",
      "reach nail techs who want new brands",
      "get listed on a professional platform"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "is editorial coverage actually seen by distributors?",
      "we've tried ads — what makes this different?",
      "how does a listing reach real buyers not just nail consumers?",
      "we need proof this works before we commit",
      "our budget is limited — we can't afford to experiment"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "professional-only distribution",
      "stockist",
      "authorized distributor",
      "SalonCentric",
      "trade placement",
      "salon professional market",
      "MoCRA compliance",
      "FDA cosmetic registration",
      "pro channel",
      "B2B nail trade"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "editorial credibility as a distribution signal",
      "professional market trust before distributor conversation",
      "visibility before approach",
      "establish US trade presence first",
      "be findable before cold outreach"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand exactly where Mirellé wins. Competitors are answering 'where to buy nail products' — Mirellé answers 'how a brand gets in front of the people who buy for salons'. These are completely different questions. Own the gap.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Top results are: Quora threads pointing to Alibaba and generic B2B marketplaces, CosmeticIndex manufacturer/distributor listings (thin, directory-style, zero editorial), Nailsmag distributor directory (listing page only, no brand discovery framing), ThomasNet supplier lists (industrial tone, not nail-specific). None address the brand owner's search intent — they address the buyer's search intent. The B2B brand-owner-to-distributor angle is completely unoccupied.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Where to find nail product suppliers",
      "How to buy nail products in bulk",
      "US nail product distributors list",
      "Become a distributor",
      "Wholesale nail products"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How an international brand creates editorial credibility before approaching distributors",
      "Why cold distributor outreach fails without professional market visibility",
      "How nail techs discover new brands (editorial vs trade show vs cold call)",
      "What distributors actually look for before adding a brand to their line",
      "How to be seen by the US nail professional market without a physical presence",
      "The gap between FDA compliance and professional market trust"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "All competitors write for buyers (nail techs looking for where to buy). No competitor writes for brand owners looking to be bought. The tone is transactional and supplier-focused, not editorial or brand-owner focused. Mirellé is the only voice speaking brand owner to brand owner.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "No nail B2B editorial platform positions itself as the bridge between international brands and US distributors/stockists. Mirellé can own this entirely by framing editorial visibility as the first step distributors look for before taking a brand seriously — making the Distributor Spotlight post a logical, credibility-first step for any brand approaching the US market."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph speaks directly to this brand owner — international, frustrated by trade shows that went nowhere, confused about why cold distributor outreach fails, and looking for a way to become visible in the US nail professional market before spending more money. They are not a consumer. They are a business decision-maker with a product they believe in and a market they cannot crack.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Founder or marketing director of an international nail brand — from the UK, Europe, Korea, Japan, or the Middle East. They have a real product, likely with some traction in their home market. They have heard about the US nail market's size and want in. They have probably attended one or two trade shows (Cosmoprof, America's Beauty Show) and come home with nothing actionable. They have likely tried cold-emailing SalonCentric or regional distributors and heard nothing back.",
      "their_core_problem": "They are invisible to the US professional nail market. US distributors and stockists do not know they exist. US nail techs have never heard of their brand. Without editorial presence or professional market credibility in the US, no distributor will take their call seriously — and they do not know how to fix that.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Attended trade shows internationally and in the US. Cold-emailed distributors including SalonCentric. Paid for a booth at a trade fair and got no follow-up. May have listed on Alibaba or a B2B marketplace. May have run Instagram or consumer-facing ads. None of it translated into a US stockist or professional market presence.",
      "what_they_want": "A route into the US professional nail market that goes through editorial credibility — being seen by distributors and nail professionals as a legitimate, established brand before they ever make a cold call. They want their brand to be findable and credible when a US distributor Googles them.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Market data showing the US opportunity. Evidence that editorial coverage is read by distributors and buyers. Specificity — a platform that speaks their language and understands the B2B nail trade, not a generic PR agency. Proof that other brands have used editorial positioning to open distributor conversations.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague 'exposure' promises with no mechanism. Consumer-facing platforms that reach nail consumers, not the trade. Anything that feels like paid Instagram promotion. Anything that doesn't acknowledge the specific difficulty of breaking into the US professional distribution channel."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "US distributors won't engage without proof that nail professionals already know and want the brand — there's no route in without existing market presence",
      "Trade shows are expensive, exhausting, and rarely produce a stockist — the ROI is terrible for international brands without an existing US reputation",
      "SalonCentric and regional distributors have established brand relationships and minimal incentive to take a risk on an unknown international name",
      "Without an editorial footprint in the US nail trade space, a cold email to a buyer lands in a void — there's no Google search result validating the brand",
      "The brand is FDA MoCRA compliant and ready to sell — but no US nail tech or distributor has ever heard of them, so compliance alone is not enough"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "we can't get in front of the right people",
      "distributors don't return our emails",
      "we spent so much on that trade show and got nothing",
      "our products are sitting in our warehouse",
      "nobody in the US nail market knows we exist",
      "we need a US stockist but don't know how to find one",
      "SalonCentric feels impossible to break into",
      "how do distributors even discover new brands?",
      "we're invisible to the American market",
      "what do US nail techs actually use and why?",
      "we need editorial credibility before we approach buyers",
      "is there any platform that speaks to the professional market, not consumers?",
      "we don't know who the actual buyers are in the US",
      "we tried Alibaba and it was useless for the professional channel",
      "we need to be findable before we cold call anyone",
      "our home market loves us — why can't we crack America?"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and confused — they have a strong product, have invested in market entry, and still feel invisible to the professional market they need to reach."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff. These are the terms your reader actually searches when they have this problem.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand find US distributor editorial platform — appears TWICE in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "international nail brand US distribution",
      "nail brand US stockist platform",
      "nail brand editorial US market entry",
      "how international nail brand enters US professional market",
      "nail brand US distributor spotlight",
      "nail brand reach US nail professionals editorially",
      "nail brand professional market USA editorial listing"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "professional nail market USA",
      "nail brand distributor outreach",
      "nail tech product discovery",
      "B2B nail trade editorial",
      "SalonCentric alternative for international brands",
      "nail brand editorial credibility USA",
      "nail professional distribution channel",
      "US salon professional buyer",
      "nail brand trade press USA",
      "distributor discovery editorial",
      "pro channel nail brand launch USA",
      "nail trade platform USA",
      "MoCRA compliant nail brand USA",
      "nail brand salon market entry",
      "professional nail product placement USA"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How does an international nail brand find a US distributor?",
      "What do US nail distributors look for before adding a new brand?",
      "How can a nail brand become visible to US nail professionals?",
      "What is the best way to get a nail brand into US salons?",
      "How do nail techs discover new brands in the US market?",
      "What is an editorial distributor spotlight for nail brands?",
      "How does editorial coverage help nail brands break into the US market?",
      "Where should an international nail brand appear to be seen by US buyers?",
      "What is the difference between a nail brand directory listing and a distributor spotlight?",
      "How do I get my nail brand stocked by US salons?",
      "Why do US distributors ignore cold outreach from international nail brands?",
      "What platforms do US nail professionals use to discover new brands?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "get picked up",
      "crack the US market",
      "break in",
      "get stocked",
      "find a buyer",
      "US rollout",
      "get our brand out there",
      "nail pro audience",
      "trade press",
      "distributor conversation"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the brand owner understands why this stat matters to them specifically. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The global nail care products market was valued at USD 25.76 billion in 2025 and is projected to reach USD 40.23 billion by 2034, growing at a CAGR of 5.09%",
      "source": "Fortune Business Insights, Nail Care Market Report 2025",
      "context": "This is the market your brand wants access to — and the US, which accounts for a dominant share of North American spend, is at the centre of that growth. The window for international brands to establish early trade presence is now, before the market consolidates further around already-visible names."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "There are an estimated 23,745 nail salons in the United States, with the country's professional nail salon market growing at a CAGR of 4.5% annually",
      "source": "GM Insights, Nail Care Products Market Report 2025",
      "context": "Nearly 24,000 nail salons represent 24,000 potential stockist relationships — but only if your brand is findable to the buyers and distributors who supply them. Most international brands have access to zero of these without a US professional market presence."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "Offline professional channels — including salon supply distributors and B2B distributor networks — account for 68% of nail polish market revenue, generating USD 12 billion in 2025",
      "source": "GM Insights, Nail Polish Market Report 2026",
      "context": "The majority of professional nail product sales flow through distributors and physical supply channels — not direct-to-consumer e-commerce. A brand without distributor or stockist relationships misses the channel that controls most of the revenue. Editorial visibility in the professional market is the first step to entering it."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a brand marketing director or founder who has burned budget on trade shows and cold outreach. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "Does editorial coverage actually get seen by US distributors and buyers, or does it just reach consumers?",
        "answer": "US distributors and buyers Google brands before they respond to outreach. If a brand has no editorial footprint in the US professional market, a buyer's search returns nothing — and nothing usually means no reply. The Mirellé Distributor Spotlight is indexed editorial content on a professional B2B nail platform. It is designed to be found by people searching for new brands in the professional channel, not by consumers looking for a manicure."
      },
      {
        "question": "We've done trade shows and nothing happened. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "Trade shows are one-time, high-cost visibility moments. When the show ends, your booth disappears. Editorial lives permanently and accumulates search authority over time. A distributor who missed your booth at Cosmoprof can still find your brand six months later through editorial — if it exists. Most brands that struggle after trade shows have no searchable trail that a buyer can follow back to them."
      },
      {
        "question": "We already have a website and social media. Isn't that enough US presence?",
        "answer": "A brand website answers questions about your products. It does not position you in the US professional nail trade. Social media reaches whoever follows you — rarely the distributor buyers, salon supply chain decision-makers, or nail tech educators who influence professional product adoption. A placement on a B2B editorial platform that is specifically read by US nail professionals is a different kind of presence — trade credibility, not consumer marketing."
      },
      {
        "question": "Our product is FDA MoCRA compliant and ready to sell. What else do we actually need?",
        "answer": "Compliance gets you through customs. It does not make you visible to buyers. US distributors add brands that nail professionals are already asking about or that they can find credible evidence for online. MoCRA compliance is the entry ticket to the US market — editorial professional market presence is what turns that ticket into an actual conversation with a buyer."
      },
      {
        "question": "We have a limited budget. Is this the right spend at this stage?",
        "answer": "If the alternative is another trade show booth or another round of unanswered cold emails, editorial placement is lower cost and longer-lasting. The question is not whether you can afford editorial positioning — it is whether you can afford to keep spending on approaches that produce no searchable, permanent return. If you are not yet at the stage where a US distributor conversation makes sense, a Distributor Spotlight post is exactly the asset that makes that conversation possible."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every heading here is a real search query or pain statement — not a generic label.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Brand Is Ready for the US Market — But US Distributors Have Never Heard of You",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Why International Nail Brands Keep Spending on Trade Shows and Coming Home Without a Stockist",
      "H2 2: US Distributors Do Not Respond to Cold Outreach From Brands They Cannot Find Anywhere",
      "H2 3: The Professional Market Presence That Turns a Cold Call Into a Warm Introduction",
      "H2 4: What the Mirellé Distributor Spotlight Does for Your Brand",
      "H2 5: The US Nail Market Is the Biggest Opportunity in the Professional Beauty Industry Right Now",
      "H2 6: What International Nail Brand Owners Ask Before They Reach Out"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — trade show waste, invisible to the US market, money spent with no result",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — cold outreach failure, no editorial footprint, distributors can't find them",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the bridge between brand and US professional market",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — bullets: what the brand gets from the Distributor Spotlight specifically",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — market size, salon count, distributor channel dominance",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real objections from a brand owner burned by past spend",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — post ends here, no conclusion, no recap"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "k-beauty-nail-brand-us-market-entry-usa",
        "title": "US Market Entry Editorial for K-Beauty and Asian Nail Brands",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) when referencing brands from Asia entering the US market — editorial credibility as market entry strategy. Relevant when discussing how international brands from different regions use Mirellé to establish presence before distributor conversations.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "uk-european-nail-brand-us-entry-usa",
        "title": "US Market Entry Editorial for UK and European Nail Brands",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) alongside or near the K-Beauty link — shows Mirellé serves multiple international brand origins, building credibility for the reader regardless of where their brand is from.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-brand-directory-usa-hub",
        "title": "The Mirellé Nail Brand Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place naturally in H2 4 (What We Offer) — when outlining the full Mirellé ecosystem, link to the hub as the central resource for all brand types. Keeps the reader in the cluster.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. Apply the brand client nuance below on top of that framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Industry-level authority. This reader is a marketing director or brand founder — they respond to evidence, market data, and trade positioning language. They have been burned by vague exposure promises before. Write with the precision of someone who knows the US professional nail distribution channel in detail. Name the pain exactly. Use the vocabulary of the trade, not consumer marketing language.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic 'exposure' or 'visibility' promises without mechanism",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Consumer beauty language (trends, colours, nail art etc.)",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é"
    ]
  }
}
