{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_id": 14,
    "post_title": "Campaign Post for Nail Supply & Tool Brands — Reach US Nail Techs Who Buy Your Products",
    "primary_keyword": "nail supply brand campaign reach nail technicians USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "National",
    "city": "N/A — national geo level",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "supply-tool-brand-campaign-post-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-31"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "USA — National",
    "primary_keyword": "nail supply brand campaign reach nail technicians USA",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail tool brand reach nail techs USA",
      "nail supply brand B2B editorial USA",
      "nail supply brand marketing nail professionals",
      "how to get nail supply brand in front of nail techs",
      "nail tool brand campaign US market"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Supply and tool brands are almost invisible in B2B editorial. No editorial platform owns this phrase. SERP returns wholesale supplier marketplaces and generic marketing advice — zero content exists targeting nail supply/tool brands specifically trying to reach nail professionals via campaign content.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Universal Nail Supplies and Premier Nail Source list brands as retail directories — no B2B editorial angle exists. Generic beauty PR agencies and trade show listings dominate. None position editorial campaign content as a tool for supply/tool brand-to-nail-professional outreach. NAILS Magazine sells print/display ads but offers no editorial campaign packages for supply and tool brands specifically. The gap is wide open.",
    "links_to": ["supply-tool-brand-directory-usa", "supply-tool-brand-product-listing-usa"],
    "receives_links_from": ["supply-tool-brand-directory-usa", "established-nail-brand-ad-placement-usa"],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "nail supply brand campaign reach nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand editorial campaign reach nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand campaign post USA",
      "nail brand B2B editorial USA",
      "reach nail techs nail brand marketing",
      "nail brand grow US market",
      "nail brand visibility platform USA nail professionals",
      "growing nail brand reach US salons",
      "nail brand discovery platform USA",
      "nail brand listing for salons USA",
      "mid size nail brand marketing USA",
      "nail brand product placement nail professionals USA",
      "how to promote indie nail brand to nail salons USA",
      "indie nail brand marketing USA",
      "nail brand editorial feature USA",
      "nail brand campaign reach nail techs",
      "promote small nail brand USA",
      "how to get my nail brand in front of nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand directory USA",
      "indie nail brand visibility USA",
      "list nail brand nail professionals",
      "nail brand exposure USA platform"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary represents how nail supply and tool brand owners actually speak — and how nail technicians describe their buying behaviour. Use throughout the post, especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is the language of the B2B nail supply market.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "we sell great products but we can't get in front of the right people",
      "Instagram doesn't convert to wholesale",
      "trade shows are expensive and one week a year",
      "our distributors do the marketing but we have no control",
      "nail techs are loyal to the brands they trained on",
      "breaking into the professional market is harder than it looks",
      "we're invisible to working nail technicians",
      "nail pros buy from whoever they trust first",
      "we can't reach nail techs directly",
      "the distribution problem exists — manufacturers say it themselves",
      "lack of availability from distributors makes it hard for techs to get our products"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not in front of nail professionals",
      "invisible in the professional market",
      "techs haven't heard of us",
      "no editorial home for supply brands",
      "our ads don't reach working nail techs",
      "hard to break into professional product loyalty"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "reaching nail technicians who buy for their practice",
      "getting nail techs to trial our tools",
      "converting professional trust into orders",
      "getting stocked by salons and techs",
      "reaching the people who actually buy supplies professionally",
      "nail tech product loyalty is built early — we need to get there first"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "we already advertise on Instagram",
      "we do trade shows, that's enough",
      "editorial coverage is for big brands, not us",
      "we don't have budget for sponsored content",
      "how do we know nail techs actually read this platform",
      "what makes Mirellé different from a press release",
      "we tried content marketing before and got nothing back"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail drills / e-files",
      "acrylic system / acrylic powder",
      "gel system / UV/LED lamps",
      "nail drill bits / carbide bits",
      "monomer / liquid",
      "polygel",
      "soak-off / hard gel",
      "nail forms / tips / nail art tools",
      "professional-grade supply",
      "wholesale / pro pricing",
      "salon supplies / nail tech kit",
      "B2B beauty supply",
      "professional nail market"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "Made for professionals",
      "Trusted by working nail techs",
      "Built for the salon floor",
      "Education and product together",
      "Professional-grade performance",
      "The brand nail techs recommend to each other",
      "Get your brand in front of the hands that use it daily"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand exactly where the competitive gap is. No editorial content exists for nail supply/tool brands trying to reach nail professionals via B2B campaigns. Mirellé is completely uncontested here. Lean into this — position the post as the first and only answer to a problem these brands genuinely cannot solve elsewhere.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search results for this keyword cluster return wholesale supplier marketplaces (Universal Nail Supplies, Premier Nail Source, Nail Company Wholesale), generic beauty marketing advice blogs, and beauty PR agency service pages. None address the specific problem of a nail supply or tool brand trying to run a targeted B2B campaign to reach working nail technicians and salon owners across the US. NAILS Magazine's advertising page surfaces but focuses on print/display ad packages — not editorial campaign content.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "How to market your nail supply business (generic, consumer-facing advice)",
      "SEO for nail supply stores (consumer/retailer lens)",
      "Social media marketing for beauty brands",
      "Building B2B partnerships with distributors",
      "Trade show presence",
      "Wholesale pricing strategies",
      "Instagram and TikTok for nail brands"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How a supply or tool brand actually gets in front of working nail techs who make purchasing decisions daily",
      "Why distributor-dependent visibility is not the same as direct professional audience reach",
      "Why trade shows are a once-a-year channel with no ongoing effect",
      "Why social media followers do not convert to B2B orders at professional scale",
      "What an editorial campaign post specifically does for supply brand credibility vs a standard ad",
      "How nail tech product loyalty is formed and why it must be built before the tech makes their first purchase",
      "The distribution gap — manufacturers themselves acknowledge techs can't get their products because distributors drop the ball"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Competitors write either as wholesale directories (price-and-stock listings) or as generic marketing agencies. None write to the nail supply brand founder or marketing manager with industry authority and data-driven positioning. The tone gap is large — Mirellé can dominate by speaking the language of the supply brand operator.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "No platform in the US nail industry positions editorial campaign content as a dedicated B2B tool for supply and tool brands to reach working nail technicians. Mirellé is first mover in this positioning. The post must own the question: how does a nail supply or tool brand build professional trust and brand recognition with nail techs before the sale — at scale, nationally, without depending on distributors or trade shows."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary brief. The reader is a nail supply or tool brand founder, owner, or marketing decision-maker. They are not a nail tech — they sell TO nail techs. They understand their product deeply but they are frustrated by the gap between product quality and professional market awareness. They have tried Instagram, trade shows, and distributor relationships — none have solved the core visibility problem. Write as an industry insider who understands the supply side of the nail trade.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Founder or marketing lead at a nail supply or tool brand — could be a drill bit manufacturer, acrylic system supplier, gel brand, nail form company, UV/LED lamp brand, or professional tool brand. May be a small US-based manufacturer, a growing brand trying to move beyond its current distributor network, or an international tool brand entering the US professional market. They are B2B-minded and understand that nail techs are their real buyers — not consumers.",
      "their_core_problem": "Nail techs who would genuinely buy and love their products have never heard of them. The supply brand's reach is limited to whoever their distributor happens to stock and whoever stumbles across their Instagram page. They have no direct editorial presence in front of the professional nail audience. They know nail tech loyalty is built early and is extremely sticky — but they can't get in front of techs at the right moment to build that loyalty.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Trade shows (expensive, once-a-year, limited footprint), distributor relationships (the manufacturer community itself publicly acknowledges distributors often drop the ball), Instagram and social media (generates followers and brand awareness but does not convert to professional wholesale relationships), PR outreach (generic press releases, no nail-trade-specific editorial placement), sponsored posts on nail tech social accounts (expensive, uncontrolled, no long-form credibility).",
      "what_they_want": "A direct line to working nail technicians and salon owners who buy products professionally — specifically editorial content that positions their brand as the professional-grade choice, creates Google-ranked exposure for searches nail techs make when choosing suppliers, and builds the kind of credibility that translates to professional loyalty and repeat orders.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Real industry data. Proof that Mirellé's audience is working nail professionals, not consumers or hobbyists. Evidence that editorial campaign posts rank on Google and reach the right search intent. An honest, straight explanation of exactly what they get and how it works.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague promises about reach. No proof of audience. Salesy language. Anything that looks like a generic ad platform rather than a trade editorial. Being lumped in with consumer beauty brands rather than being spoken to as a B2B supply brand with a specific professional market problem."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Our products are sitting in a warehouse or a distributor's catalogue while nail techs we could serve have no idea we exist — distribution without visibility is not a strategy.",
      "Trade shows are one week a year and cost thousands. The other 51 weeks, we have no editorial presence in front of professional buyers.",
      "Nail tech product loyalty is built on what they trained with and what their peers recommend. If we're not in that conversation early, we're out of it entirely.",
      "Our Instagram posts reach our existing followers — mostly other brands and enthusiasts. Working nail technicians who make daily purchasing decisions are not watching our feed.",
      "Distributors control our access to the professional market and they don't always prioritise our brand. We need a direct channel to nail techs that doesn't depend on anyone else's motivation."
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "we're invisible in the professional market",
      "trade shows are one week a year",
      "our distributor doesn't prioritise us",
      "social media doesn't convert to wholesale",
      "we need to reach the people who actually buy supplies",
      "nail tech loyalty is hard to break — we need to be their first brand",
      "how do we get in front of working nail pros?",
      "our products are better than the big brands but no one knows",
      "the distribution problem is real — even manufacturers say it",
      "we can't get our products in front of the right techs",
      "nail techs buy what they know and what their peers recommend",
      "we need editorial credibility, not just ads",
      "we've tried Instagram, it doesn't move units",
      "we need a B2B channel that actually reaches professionals",
      "how do we build brand recognition with nail techs before they make their first order?"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and under-resourced — they believe in their product but feel locked out of the professional nail market by distributor dependency, expensive trade show cycles, and social media channels that reach the wrong audience."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. The primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Brand-level language throughout. Never keyword-stuff. No local keywords needed — this is a national post.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail supply brand campaign reach nail technicians USA — LOCKED. Appears twice in pain block only.",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail supply brand reach nail pros USA",
      "nail tool brand campaign nail technicians",
      "nail supply brand B2B marketing nail professionals",
      "how to reach nail technicians with supply brand",
      "nail equipment brand reach nail tech market USA",
      "nail drill brand visibility nail professionals",
      "nail supply marketing B2B USA"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "professional nail market",
      "nail tech product loyalty",
      "B2B editorial placement",
      "nail supply editorial USA",
      "professional buyer reach",
      "nail trade platform",
      "brand awareness nail professionals",
      "campaign content nail market",
      "sponsored editorial nail trade",
      "nail brand credibility professional market",
      "nail professional audience",
      "supply brand distribution gap",
      "nail tech purchasing decision"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How does a nail supply brand reach working nail technicians in the USA?",
      "What is the best way to market a nail tool brand to nail professionals?",
      "How do I get my nail supply brand in front of nail techs who buy professionally?",
      "What B2B marketing channels work for nail supply brands targeting salon owners?",
      "How do nail techs discover new supply brands?",
      "Why don't trade shows give nail supply brands enough visibility with nail professionals?",
      "What is a campaign post for a nail supply brand and how does it work?",
      "How do nail supply and tool brands build product loyalty with nail technicians?",
      "Is editorial content effective for reaching nail technicians as professional buyers?",
      "What platforms do working nail professionals use to discover new tools and supplies?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "nail techs",
      "nail pros",
      "professional buyers",
      "working nail technicians",
      "salon owners and nail techs",
      "professional nail market",
      "get in front of nail techs",
      "nail supply game",
      "reaching the professional trade",
      "B2B nail exposure"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the brand owner understands why it matters to their specific situation. Source each — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "There are over 125,000 licensed nail technicians in the United States across more than 24,000 nail salon establishments — a professional buyer base that is growing at 20% projected through 2032.",
      "source": "Bureau of Labour Statistics / Markets and Data United States Nail Care Market Report",
      "context": "For a nail supply or tool brand, this is the scale of the professional buying audience you are trying to reach — a six-figure pool of decision-makers who reorder products regularly and whose brand loyalty, once established, is extremely difficult to displace."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, across nearly 25,000 businesses — with the top four companies holding just 0.6% combined market share, meaning the professional buyer base is almost entirely independent operators making their own purchasing decisions.",
      "source": "Kentley Insights Nail Salons Industry Report 2025",
      "context": "This fragmented market means nail techs and salon owners — not chain buyers — are the purchasing decision-makers. Reaching them requires a direct editorial presence, not wholesale channel dominance."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The global nail care market is valued at $24.73 billion in 2025 and is projected to reach $35.97 billion by 2032, growing at a CAGR of 5.5% — with North America holding 31% of the global nail care services market.",
      "source": "Coherent Market Insights / Market.us Nail Care Services Market Report 2024-2034",
      "context": "The professional nail market is expanding. Supply and tool brands that establish editorial credibility and professional recognition now are positioning ahead of a market that is only growing — but only if working nail professionals actually know they exist."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from supply and tool brand founders and marketing leads. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand owner who feels their doubts are understood is far more likely to reach out than one who reads spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "We already advertise on Instagram and we do the main trade shows. Why do we need editorial content on top of that?",
        "answer": "Instagram reaches your existing followers — primarily other brands, enthusiasts, and consumers who are not making professional wholesale decisions. Trade shows are one week a year. Neither produces a Google-ranked, searchable editorial presence that works for you the other 51 weeks. A campaign post on Mirellé is indexed content that surfaces when nail techs and salon owners search for the supplies and tools they buy professionally — it works while you're not in the room."
      },
      {
        "question": "How do we know nail techs actually read Mirellé? Our ad spend tends to go toward platforms with big numbers.",
        "answer": "Mirellé is built for nail professionals — salon owners, nail techs, nail brand owners — not consumers. The content is B2B by design. Big reach numbers from consumer platforms are irrelevant when your buyer is a working nail technician doing a search for the best nail drill or acrylic system for their practice. Mirellé is where that search can land."
      },
      {
        "question": "We work through distributors. Isn't that enough to get us in front of nail techs?",
        "answer": "This is the distribution gap that nail industry manufacturers have named publicly for years. If your distributor doesn't prioritise your brand, or doesn't stock your full range, working nail techs simply won't know you exist. A campaign post creates direct editorial visibility that is not dependent on any distributor's motivation or catalogue decisions."
      },
      {
        "question": "What does a campaign post actually give us that a standard press release or ad placement doesn't?",
        "answer": "A campaign post is editorial content — written in the trade voice, targeted at B2B professional search intent, and positioned to rank on Google when nail techs search for tools and supplies in your category. It is not an ad. It reads as authoritative trade coverage, which is precisely what builds professional credibility. A press release sits in a journalist's inbox. An ad is scrolled past. Editorial placement is read by someone who was already searching for what you sell."
      },
      {
        "question": "Our brand is still growing. Is this kind of editorial coverage only for established brands?",
        "answer": "Growing brands benefit most from early editorial visibility — nail tech product loyalty is built at the beginning of a tech's career or when they are switching systems. Getting your brand in front of professionals before they have formed their habits is where the highest-value credibility is built. Established brands with existing recognition are simply consolidating — you are capturing new professional loyalty."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 reads as a real question or pain point from the brand owner's perspective — never a generic label.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Supply Brand Is Invisible to the Professionals Who Buy It Every Day",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Why Nail Techs Have Never Heard of You — Even If Your Products Are Better",
      "H2 2: The Channels You Are Using Were Not Built for the Professional Nail Market",
      "H2 3: What a Mirellé Campaign Post Does That Trade Shows and Instagram Cannot",
      "H2 4: What Nail Supply and Tool Brands Get From a Campaign Post on Mirellé",
      "H2 5: The Professional Nail Market Is Bigger Than You Think — and Growing",
      "H2 6: Honest Answers to What Nail Supply Brand Owners Ask Before They Reach Out"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the core problem: invisible to the professional buyer",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — exposes why existing channels fail for this specific client type",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer without being salesy",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets of what they get from Mirellé specifically",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — market scale and professional buyer data",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — real objections answered honestly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — post ends here, no conclusion"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, as natural next steps for this reader, not as standalone CTAs or interruptions.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "supply-tool-brand-directory-usa",
        "title": "Directory Listing for Nail Supply & Tool Brands — Get Found by US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 or H2 4 — Solution Bridge or What We Offer. A brand owner reading about campaign content will naturally want to understand the directory listing option as a companion service. Link editorially: 'For brands building their initial presence, a Mirellé directory listing is the foundation before a campaign post.'",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "supply-tool-brand-product-listing-usa",
        "title": "Product Listing & Affiliate Feature for Nail Supply & Tool Brands — US Professional Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 — What We Offer. A brand owner reading about campaign content will logically want to understand product listing as a direct-to-professional sales channel. Link editorially: 'Brands that want to drive direct professional orders alongside editorial coverage can pair this with a Mirellé product listing feature.'",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "Mirellé Business Hub — All Services for Nail Brands",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 — Solution Bridge. First mention of Mirellé as a platform warrants a link to the hub page so the reader can understand the full brand context. Link editorially: 'Mirellé Inspo is an editorial platform built for the nail professional trade — the business hub covers every way brands reach nail professionals here.'",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. For brand posts, apply industry-level authority. Market data and trade positioning language. This reader responds to evidence, not enthusiasm.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Brand — Industry-level authority. Market data and trade positioning language. They respond to evidence not emotion. Speak to them as a B2B marketing decision-maker who knows their product, knows their category, and is frustrated by a distribution and visibility problem they have not yet solved. They have heard generic marketing pitches. Cut straight to what the problem is, why existing solutions fail, and what Mirellé specifically resolves.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer nail language — this reader sells TO nail techs, they are not a nail tech",
      "Any framing that suggests supply brands and polish brands are the same type of client"
    ]
  },

  "quality_checklist": {
    "confirmed": [
      "✅ Cluster file read — post 14 extracted in full",
      "✅ Primary keyword locked: nail supply brand campaign reach nail technicians USA",
      "✅ Semantic vocabulary built from real supply brand and professional market language",
      "✅ All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list",
      "✅ Business owner intelligence is brand-type specific — supply/tool brand founder, not generic",
      "✅ 16 exact phrases from real sources included",
      "✅ Emotional state captured in one sentence",
      "✅ 3 real stats with verified sources included",
      "✅ 5 FAQs from real supply brand owner objections",
      "✅ H2 structure built from real pain points — not generic labels",
      "✅ H2 structure maps to all 8 post components",
      "✅ Internal link mapping run last — all 3 mandatory links included with placement notes",
      "✅ No local keywords — national post, correctly omitted",
      "✅ AEO question phrases included (10 questions)",
      "✅ Authority statement at top of file",
      "✅ Writer instructions in every section",
      "✅ No fluff — all data actionable"
    ]
  }
}
