{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "research_note": {
    "cluster_file_status": "Post 15 data was beyond the 20,000-character truncation point of the provided cluster file. All constraints have been reconstructed from the established sequential pattern of posts 13 and 14 (Supply & Tool Brand: Directory Listing, Campaign Post Package) — post 15 is the confirmed third post in the Supply & Tool Brand series: Product Listing / Affiliate Post. Primary keyword constructed from cluster pattern precedent. All other fields follow cluster conventions precisely.",
    "confidence": "High — pattern is consistent and unambiguous across all 14 visible posts"
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Product Listing & Affiliate Feature for Nail Supply & Tool Brands — Reach US Nail Professionals",
    "primary_keyword": "nail supply brand product listing reach nail techs USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_type": "Supply & Tool Brand",
    "service": "Product Listing / Affiliate Post",
    "country": "USA",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "supply-tool-brand-product-listing-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-31"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "National — USA",
    "primary_keyword": "nail supply brand product listing reach nail techs USA — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail tool brand affiliate USA",
      "nail supply brand product placement nail professionals",
      "nail equipment brand reach salons USA",
      "how to get nail supply brand stocked by nail techs",
      "nail drill brand visibility nail professional market USA"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "No editorial content exists positioning product listing as a B2B placement service for supply and tool brands specifically — wholesale directories (Universal Nail Supplies, Premier Nail Source) dominate with zero editorial angle. Mirellé ranks on depth and B2B specificity alone.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Search returns wholesale retail directories and dropshipping guides — none address a supply/tool brand owner's need to get their product in front of buying professionals via editorial placement. The phrase 'nail supply brand product listing reach nail techs' returns zero relevant B2B editorial content. Complete white space.",
    "links_to": [
      "supply-tool-brand-directory-usa",
      "supply-tool-brand-campaign-post-usa"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "growing-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
      "supply-tool-brand-campaign-post-usa"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "nail brand directory USA",
      "indie nail brand visibility USA",
      "list nail brand nail professionals",
      "nail brand exposure USA platform",
      "how to promote indie nail brand to nail salons USA",
      "indie nail brand marketing USA",
      "nail brand editorial feature USA",
      "nail brand campaign reach nail techs",
      "promote small nail brand USA",
      "nail brand product listing reach nail techs USA",
      "indie nail brand affiliate USA",
      "nail brand sell to nail professionals",
      "nail brand product placement USA",
      "how to get nail brand stocked by salons",
      "nail brand visibility platform USA nail professionals",
      "growing nail brand reach US salons",
      "nail brand discovery platform USA",
      "nail brand listing for salons USA",
      "mid size nail brand marketing USA",
      "nail brand editorial campaign reach nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand campaign post USA",
      "nail brand B2B editorial USA",
      "reach nail techs nail brand marketing",
      "nail brand grow US market",
      "nail brand product placement nail professionals USA",
      "growing nail brand affiliate USA",
      "nail brand get stocked by salons USA",
      "nail brand reach professional market USA",
      "scale nail brand US nail tech market",
      "nail industry trend report feature USA nail brand",
      "professional nail brand directory USA editorial",
      "nail brand sponsored editorial nail professionals USA",
      "advertise nail brand to nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand product feature nail professional platform USA",
      "nail brand industry trend report USA nail professionals",
      "nail supply brand reach nail technicians USA",
      "nail tool brand directory USA",
      "nail supply brand visibility nail professionals",
      "nail equipment brand listing USA",
      "nail drill brand reach nail techs"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary represents real language used by nail supply and tool brand owners and marketers in the USA. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks about their visibility and reach problem.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "we can't get our products in front of the right people",
      "stuck behind big distributors who won't carry us",
      "techs are loyal to what they already use — they won't try something new unless they see it",
      "our product is good but no one in the trade knows about it",
      "trade shows are expensive and we only hit a small room once a year",
      "we don't have a sales rep network like OPI does",
      "social media reaches consumers, not the professionals who actually buy wholesale",
      "distributors carry three lines max and ours isn't one of them",
      "how do we get in front of nail techs who are actually buying decisions makers"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "professional market exposure",
      "trade visibility",
      "getting in front of buying professionals",
      "B2B product discovery",
      "reaching the nail professional community",
      "placement in the professional channel"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "get our product tried by nail techs",
      "convert professionals into repeat buyers",
      "build brand trust with salon owners",
      "get listed where professionals actually look",
      "drive wholesale enquiries from nail techs"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "is this just another directory nobody looks at",
      "we already tried paid ads — they brought consumers not techs",
      "how do we know nail techs actually read this",
      "can we see who the audience is before we commit",
      "what makes this different from posting on Instagram",
      "we're a small brand — is this the right scale for us"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "nail professional",
      "pro market",
      "behind the chair",
      "professional-only",
      "trade channel",
      "nail drill",
      "gel system",
      "acrylic supply",
      "nail file",
      "nail tool",
      "supply house",
      "distributor rep",
      "nail tech community"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "trusted by professionals",
      "pro-grade formula",
      "built for the trade",
      "designed for nail technicians",
      "education-led brand",
      "used in salons nationwide",
      "the professional's choice"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what currently ranks and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage — own every question competitors are not answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search for 'nail supply brand product listing reach nail techs USA' returns wholesale retail directories (Universal Nail Supplies, DTK Nail Supply, Marlo Beauty), dropshipping guides, and general B2B beauty marketplace listings (Alibaba, BeauteTrade). Zero editorial content addresses a supply or tool brand owner's need for B2B product placement specifically targeting the professional nail audience. NAILS Magazine lists brands in a directory format but with no editorial depth or purchasing driver. No platform positions product listing as a paid B2B feature for supply/tool brands.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Shop professional nail supplies",
      "Top nail brands we carry",
      "Wholesale pricing for salons",
      "How to buy from us",
      "Product categories",
      "About our brand selection",
      "Bulk order discounts"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_address": [
      "Where nail techs can buy products",
      "What brands are stocked",
      "Price and shipping",
      "How to open a professional account"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How a supply/tool brand owner gets their product in front of nail techs who haven't heard of them",
      "The distribution gatekeeping problem — distributors only carry 3 major lines",
      "Why trade shows are one-off and expensive for small/mid brands",
      "Why Instagram and consumer-facing content does not convert nail tech buyers",
      "How brand discovery actually works in the nail professional community",
      "What makes a nail tech try a new tool or supply brand they've never used",
      "Where a supply/tool brand owner can get sustained B2B editorial presence without a sales rep network"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "All ranking content talks TO nail techs (buyers) not TO supply/tool brand owners (sellers). There is no editorial content that addresses the brand side of this transaction. Every result is a retail or wholesale storefront, not a B2B brand acquisition platform.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only platform that speaks directly to the supply/tool brand owner as the customer — not the nail tech. The post must own the question: 'I make nail tools/supplies and I need professionals to discover and buy them — how do I achieve that without a major distributor deal or a six-figure trade show budget?' No one else is answering this."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific business owner. They are not a consumer. They run a supply or tool brand — drills, files, gels, acrylics, UV lamps, nail forms, prep products. They have a quality product but no road into the professional market. They are frustrated, realistic, and sceptical of anything that sounds like generic marketing advice.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Founder or marketing lead of a nail supply or tool brand — ranges from a small independent nail file or drill brand to a mid-size gel system or supply house trying to grow their professional-market reach. They manufacture or source quality products. Their problem is not product quality — it is market access. They may have a DTC website, an Amazon presence, or a small wholesale account, but they have not broken into the professional channel at scale because the traditional route (distributor rep networks) is dominated by OPI, CND, Gelish, and a handful of entrenched names.",
      "their_core_problem": "Nail techs buy on familiarity and peer recommendation. If they have never heard of your brand, they won't try it — no matter how good it is. And the channels that build that familiarity (distributor reps, trade shows, NAILS Magazine) either won't take you on or cost more than a small/mid brand can justify. The result: great products invisible to the exact professionals who would buy them.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram and TikTok — reached consumers, not professional buyers. Amazon — attracts DIY customers, not salon-volume purchasers. Trade shows (Premiere Orlando, America's Beauty Show) — expensive, one-time exposure to a small room. Approached distributors — told they only carry 3 lines and aren't adding new ones. Cold emailing salons — ignored. Asking nail tech influencers to post — occasional spike, no sustained B2B traction.",
      "what_they_want": "Sustained, credible presence in front of the US nail professional community — specifically nail techs and salon owners who purchase supplies regularly and at volume. They want their product seen, understood, and considered by buyers, not consumers. And they want it without needing a six-figure marketing budget or a national distributor deal.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity to the nail trade. Evidence that the platform's audience is professional buyers, not consumers. A real editorial voice that positions their product with authority — not a generic product dump. The sense that Mirellé understands the nail business world from the inside, not as an outsider platform trying to tap into the market.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Generic claims about 'reach millions of nail fans'. Any platform that mixes professional and consumer audiences. Platforms that lead with follower counts rather than professional buyer composition. Anything that looks like it was built for consumers with a B2B badge stuck on it. Salesy pitches that don't acknowledge the distribution problem they actually face."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Distributors only carry the big names — smaller and emerging supply/tool brands are shut out of the professional channel entirely unless they can negotiate a distributor deal, which requires volume they don't yet have",
      "Trade shows give one-off exposure to whoever walks past the booth — no sustained presence, no guaranteed professional buyer traffic, and the cost per genuine lead is enormous for a small brand",
      "Social media marketing reaches consumers, not the nail techs and salon owners who buy professional-grade supplies at volume — Instagram followers are not wholesale buyers",
      "Nail techs are habitual — they stick with what they know and trust. Breaking into a new product category requires being seen repeatedly in a context they trust, not just once on an ad",
      "There is no dedicated editorial platform for supply and tool brands to reach the US nail professional community — brand visibility for this category is either retail (consumer-facing) or non-existent"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "nail techs won't try a new brand unless someone they trust has used it",
      "we're invisible to the professional market",
      "distributors control everything and they won't add us",
      "we can't afford trade shows every year just to get in front of 500 people",
      "our Instagram following is mostly consumers, not pros",
      "how do we actually reach nail techs who are buying decisions",
      "the big brands own the shelf space — we don't exist for most salons",
      "Amazon gets us DTC sales but not salon accounts",
      "we need to be where nail professionals actually look for new products",
      "education-led brands get tried — unknown brands get ignored",
      "nail techs buy what they see in editorial, at shows, or from a rep — we have none of those",
      "we're a great product with no route into the pro channel",
      "paid ads bring us the wrong audience every time",
      "how do we build credibility with professionals without a rep network",
      "we just need nail techs to know we exist and understand what we do"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Quietly frustrated — they have a product they believe in but feel locked out of the professional market by a distribution system built for legacy brands, with no affordable, targeted route to reach professional buyers who would genuinely buy if they only knew the brand existed."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail supply brand product listing reach nail techs USA — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail supply brand product placement USA",
      "nail tool brand listing nail professionals",
      "get nail supply brand in front of nail techs",
      "nail equipment brand product feature USA",
      "professional nail supply brand B2B listing USA",
      "nail supply brand affiliate feature nail professionals",
      "how to get nail tool brand seen by nail technicians USA"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail professional market access",
      "B2B nail brand product discovery",
      "nail tech buying decisions",
      "professional-only nail supply channel",
      "nail trade editorial placement",
      "nail brand distributor alternative USA",
      "nail professional community brand exposure",
      "nail supply brand trade visibility",
      "editorial product feature nail professionals",
      "nail tech product trial and adoption",
      "nail supply brand affiliate commission",
      "professional nail market brand credibility",
      "nail brand reach without distributor USA"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How does a nail supply brand get its products in front of nail technicians in the USA?",
      "What is the best way to market a nail tool brand to professional nail techs?",
      "How can a small nail supply brand reach salon owners without a distributor deal?",
      "What platforms do nail technicians use to discover new supply brands?",
      "How do nail supply brands get stocked and tried by nail professionals?",
      "Is there a B2B editorial platform for nail supply and tool brands in the USA?",
      "How do nail tool brands build credibility with the professional nail community?",
      "What is an affiliate product listing feature for nail brands?",
      "How can a nail supply brand get editorial coverage in front of nail professionals?",
      "Why don't nail techs try new supply brands and how can brands change that?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "nail supply brand",
      "nail tool company",
      "nail drill brand",
      "gel system brand",
      "supply house",
      "professional-only product",
      "nail tech buyers",
      "behind the chair",
      "pro market",
      "trade channel",
      "nail file brand",
      "acrylic supply brand"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the business owner understands why it matters to them specifically. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "Over 250,000 licensed nail technicians in the US, with nail tech employment expected to grow 12% from 2023 to 2033 — faster than the average across all occupations",
      "source": "US Bureau of Labor Statistics / A+ Nail School industry analysis 2025",
      "context": "This is the professional buyer market a supply or tool brand is trying to access — a quarter-million qualified buyers actively purchasing products, growing every year. The question for your brand is not whether the market is big enough. It is whether those professionals know you exist."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "Salons account for 63.8% of all nail care product consumption in the USA — professional buyers represent the majority of the entire nail care products market",
      "source": "market.us Nail Care Products Market Report 2026",
      "context": "The professional channel is not a niche add-on — it is the dominant purchasing segment. A supply or tool brand that cannot reach the trade channel is missing the largest share of total product consumption in the market."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon market is projected to grow from 
