{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Campaign Post Package for Growing Nail Brands — Reach US Nail Professionals at Scale",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand editorial campaign reach nail professionals USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_type": "Growing / Mid-Size Brand",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "growing-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-28"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "National — USA",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand editorial campaign reach nail professionals USA — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail brand campaign post USA",
      "nail brand B2B editorial USA",
      "reach nail techs nail brand marketing",
      "nail brand grow US market"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Long-tail B2B phrase — very low competition, specific enough to rank quickly. No platform currently owns this phrase. All SERP results are either consumer salon marketing advice or generic PR agency pages — none address how a growing nail brand runs editorial campaigns to reach nail professionals specifically.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Zero editorial content maps nail brand campaigns to nail professional outreach nationally. NAILS Magazine offers ad placements but positions them as media buys, not editorial campaigns. PR agencies appear for brand launch searches but have no nail-professional-specific B2B editorial angle. Zigpoll-style general B2B advice exists but is nail-irrelevant. Mirellé is first-mover on editorial campaign as a B2B product for nail brands.",
    "links_to": [
      "growing-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "growing-nail-brand-product-listing-usa"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "indie-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
      "growing-nail-brand-directory-usa"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was built from real nail brand owner search behaviour and professional community language. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "great product, no one's heard of us",
      "we're invisible to professionals",
      "we're spending on Instagram but not reaching the right people",
      "salons aren't stocking us because they haven't heard of us",
      "how do we get in front of nail professionals without a huge budget",
      "we don't have a distributor relationship yet — how do we get seen",
      "trade shows are expensive and the reach doesn't last",
      "we tried influencers but our audience is still consumers not professionals",
      "nail techs choose brands they've heard of — we can't get on that list",
      "our campaign reach is great on TikTok but we're not selling to techs"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not on nail professionals' radar",
      "invisible to the trade",
      "no professional-market presence",
      "not in the professional conversation",
      "techs have never heard of us",
      "not stocked because we're not known",
      "missing from professional discovery channels"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "get our brand in front of nail techs",
      "reach salon owners at scale",
      "build professional-market awareness",
      "get stocked by salons",
      "get nail techs to use our products",
      "enter the US professional market properly",
      "build credibility with the trade"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "is editorial coverage actually worth it for a growing brand",
      "we don't have OPI's budget",
      "how is this different from just buying an Instagram ad",
      "will nail techs actually read this",
      "what's the ROI on editorial versus trade shows",
      "we've been burned by marketing spend before with zero results",
      "can a small brand afford this",
      "what kind of results can we actually expect"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail professional",
      "the trade",
      "salon professional market",
      "pro market",
      "B2B nail industry",
      "professional distribution",
      "nail tech",
      "salon owner",
      "editorial feature",
      "brand discovery",
      "product adoption",
      "professional-market visibility",
      "campaign post",
      "brand authority"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "reach the professionals who use your products every day",
      "build trust with the trade before the consumer follows",
      "editorial credibility converts where advertising doesn't",
      "get in front of nail techs who are actively looking for brands like yours",
      "nail professionals are the gatekeepers — they recommend, stock, and use your brand"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what is already ranking and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is the competitive advantage — make sure the post owns every question competitors are not answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search for 'nail brand editorial campaign reach nail professionals USA' returns consumer salon marketing advice (Zenoti, Wix, GlossGenius), a NAILS Magazine media kit page, and general PR/marketing agency sites. None address how a growing nail brand runs an editorial campaign specifically to reach US nail professionals as a B2B audience. The closest result — the NAILS Magazine media kit — frames its offering as traditional media advertising, not editorial placement.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Social media marketing for nail businesses",
      "How to use Instagram for nail salons",
      "Email marketing for nail salons",
      "Referral programs for nail clients",
      "Local SEO for nail salons",
      "Paid ads for nail businesses",
      "How to build a nail brand presence online",
      "Trade show marketing for beauty brands"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How a growing nail brand reaches nail professionals specifically — not consumers",
      "Why Instagram and social spend doesn't convert to professional stock decisions",
      "Why trade shows are inaccessible or low-ROI for growing brands without distribution relationships",
      "How nail techs actually discover and choose new brands — editorial trust vs paid ads",
      "What nail professionals look for before stocking or recommending a brand",
      "How to build professional-market credibility without a full PR or media budget",
      "Why growing brands are invisible to nail techs even with consumer-facing campaigns",
      "What editorial campaign content looks like in the nail B2B space"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "All ranking content talks to nail salon owners and nail techs as service providers trying to attract consumers. None of it addresses a nail brand owner or marketing decision-maker trying to reach those same professionals as a B2B audience. Tone is generic marketing advice, not nail-industry-specific trade intelligence.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only nail B2B editorial platform writing directly to the growing nail brand owner about professional-market reach. Every competitor is writing for the wrong person entirely. The post must own the exact question no one is answering: how does a growing nail brand build professional-market awareness through editorial campaigns when it cannot yet compete on media budget or distribution relationships with the big players?"
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is the primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific brand owner in this specific situation. They are not a consumer. They are not a small salon owner. They are a brand founder or marketing lead who has built something they believe in and cannot get it in front of the professionals who would use it. They are frustrated, time-poor, budget-conscious, and sceptical. Write like you know them.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A nail brand founder or marketing lead running a growing brand — typically 1-5 years in market, a product line they believe in, some consumer traction, possibly a small online retail presence, but lacking meaningful professional-market presence. May have attended trade shows, sent cold outreach to salons, or run influencer campaigns. Likely has a team of 2-10 people. Based in the US or entering the US market. Has budgets but not OPI-level budgets. Confident about the product, frustrated about reach.",
      "their_core_problem": "Nail professionals — the people who actually recommend, stock, and use their products in front of clients daily — have never heard of them. Growing brands sit in a credibility gap: too established for grassroots buzz, not big enough for traditional trade media placements or distributor relationships. Consumer-facing campaigns don't convert to professional stocking decisions.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram and TikTok ads targeting beauty audiences (consumer reach, not professional). Trade show attendance (expensive, limited ROI without existing brand recognition). Cold outreach to salons and distributors (ignored or politely declined). Influencer partnerships with nail content creators (consumer following, not professional purchasing influence). PR agencies (cost-prohibitive, generalist approach, no nail-trade-specific editorial strategy).",
      "what_they_want": "To be known, trusted, and discussed among nail professionals in the US — nail techs, salon owners, and the people who influence stocking decisions. They want editorial credibility that signals to professionals that this brand is worth paying attention to. They want the kind of awareness that makes a nail tech recognise their brand when they see it at a trade show or in a distributor catalogue.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Real industry insider knowledge — a platform that actually understands the nail professional market and doesn't confuse B2B brand-to-professional reach with consumer marketing. Concrete specifics about how editorial content reaches nail professionals. Proof that the platform audience is professional not consumer. Honest assessment of what editorial does and doesn't do.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague marketing promises. Platforms that can't distinguish between a consumer beauty audience and a nail professional audience. High costs with no clarity on who actually reads the content. Anything that looks like paid PR spin rather than genuine editorial."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "We are invisible to nail professionals — they have never heard of us and we don't know how to change that without a massive budget",
      "Our social media campaigns reach beauty consumers but not nail techs who actually make stocking decisions",
      "Trade shows are expensive and the ROI is short-lived — we see a spike then nothing when we get back",
      "Salons won't stock or recommend a brand they have never heard of — we're stuck in a discovery gap we can't spend our way out of",
      "We're spending on marketing but reaching the wrong people — none of it converts to professional adoption or distribution enquiries"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "great product, no professional presence",
      "we can't get on their radar",
      "how do you even get nail techs to try your brand",
      "our Instagram is growing but salons still aren't stocking us",
      "we've tried everything and professionals still haven't heard of us",
      "trade shows are too expensive for what we get back",
      "nobody talks about us in the trade",
      "how do brands like Kiara Sky or Gelish get that trust — what did they do differently",
      "we're getting traction with consumers but the pro market is a wall",
      "we need someone to take us seriously as a professional brand",
      "we want to be in the professional conversation, not just on TikTok",
      "how do we reach nail professionals without cold emailing 10,000 salons",
      "we don't have a distributor yet and everything requires one",
      "editorial feels like a big-brand thing — can it actually work for us"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Quietly frustrated and quietly confident — they know the product is good, but they are starting to feel like the professional market is a closed door that only opens from the inside."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand editorial campaign reach nail professionals USA — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail brand campaign post nail professionals",
      "nail brand editorial feature US market",
      "editorial campaign for nail brands USA",
      "nail brand B2B campaign nail techs",
      "nail brand reach nail professionals content",
      "nail brand campaign reach nail salon owners",
      "nail brand editorial outreach USA"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail brand professional market visibility",
      "nail brand B2B editorial",
      "nail professional audience platform",
      "nail brand trade credibility",
      "nail brand discovery professional",
      "nail tech brand awareness",
      "salon owner brand consideration",
      "nail brand content marketing B2B",
      "nail brand grow US professional market",
      "nail brand editorial placement",
      "B2B nail industry content",
      "nail brand professional outreach",
      "nail brand awareness nail techs"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "how does a growing nail brand reach nail professionals in the USA",
      "what is the best way to get nail techs to know about my brand",
      "how do nail brands get editorial coverage in the US professional market",
      "why aren't nail professionals hearing about my brand",
      "what is a B2B editorial campaign for nail brands",
      "how do I get my nail brand in front of salon owners USA",
      "is editorial better than advertising for nail brands reaching professionals",
      "how much does it cost to run a nail brand campaign for nail techs",
      "what platforms reach nail professionals in the USA",
      "how does Mirellé help nail brands reach nail professionals",
      "how do nail brands build professional market credibility USA",
      "what do nail technicians look for when choosing a new brand"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "get in front of nail techs",
      "reach salon professionals",
      "get our brand known in the trade",
      "nail pro visibility",
      "brand presence with nail professionals",
      "editorial for nail brands",
      "nail brand campaign",
      "get stocked by salons",
      "pro market reach"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each so the business owner understands why it matters to them specifically. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at 7.8% annually over the past three years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights, 2025 Nail Salons US Market Research Report — kentleyinsights.com",
      "context": "This is the professional market a growing nail brand is trying to enter. The techs and salon owners running those businesses are your B2B audience — and they are actively looking for products their clients are requesting."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon market is projected to grow at 6.3% CAGR from 2024 to 2030, reaching $4.34 billion in service revenue",
      "source": "Grand View Research, US Nail Salon Market Size & Outlook 2023-2030 — grandviewresearch.com",
      "context": "A growing market means nail professionals are actively evaluating new brands and products — there has never been a better window for a growing nail brand to establish professional-market presence before the space consolidates around the players who got there first."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "80% of shoppers discover beauty brands online, with 47% discovering new brands specifically through social content — but professional stocking decisions in salons are driven by trade credibility, peer recommendation, and editorial visibility, not consumer social channels",
      "source": "Meta via market.us Nail Care Services Market Report, 2025",
      "context": "Your brand can be everywhere on Instagram and still be invisible to nail professionals. Consumer discovery and professional trade credibility are two different channels — a growing nail brand needs both, and most only have one."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from sceptical brand owners. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "We're not a big brand — is editorial actually relevant for us or is that for OPI and CND?",
        "answer": "Editorial is most powerful for growing brands precisely because you don't have OPI's media budget or distribution footprint. When a nail tech reads an editorial feature about a brand in a trade platform, that is the first credible introduction. Big brands don't need introductions — you do. This is where editorial does the work that a cold email or a trade show booth never can."
      },
      {
        "question": "How is this different from just running an Instagram ad?",
        "answer": "Instagram ads reach consumers. Nail professionals — the people who decide which products to stock, recommend, and build their service menus around — are not making those decisions based on a sponsored post in their personal feed. Editorial content in a platform they trust as a trade resource is a different conversation entirely. It says: this brand belongs in the professional space. An Instagram ad says: this brand wants your money."
      },
      {
        "question": "Will nail techs actually read this? How do we know we're reaching the right people?",
        "answer": "This is the right question to ask any platform you work with. Mirellé is built for nail business owners, nail techs, and brand decision-makers — not consumers. The editorial is written specifically for that professional audience and indexed for the B2B searches they actually run. If a platform cannot tell you clearly who their reader is and why they are a professional, do not spend with them."
      },
      {
        "question": "We tried PR before and it didn't move the needle. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "General PR lands in consumer publications or lifestyle media. That is not where a nail tech goes when they are evaluating whether to try a new brand. A nail-specific B2B editorial platform is where professional discovery actually happens. If your previous PR got you into Allure or a beauty blog, that built consumer awareness. Editorial in the professional market builds trade credibility — and those are two different outcomes."
      },
      {
        "question": "What can we realistically expect from an editorial campaign? Be straight with us.",
        "answer": "An editorial campaign builds awareness and credibility with nail professionals who would not otherwise encounter your brand. It does not replace a distribution relationship or a trade show presence — it makes both more effective. When a salon owner sees your brand at a trade show and says 'I've seen them before', that recognition came from somewhere. Editorial is the seed. It is a long game, not a single-campaign fix."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 is written as a real query or pain point — not a label.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Brand Is Growing. Nail Professionals in the USA Have Never Heard of You.",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Why Growing Nail Brands Are Invisible to US Nail Professionals — Even With Great Products",
      "H2 2: The Problem Is Not Your Brand. It Is Where You Are Trying to Be Seen.",
      "H2 3: What a B2B Editorial Campaign Actually Does for a Growing Nail Brand",
      "H2 4: What You Get From a Mirellé Campaign Post Package",
      "H2 5: The US Professional Nail Market in Numbers — Why Getting In Front of Professionals Now Matters",
      "H2 6: Real Questions From Growing Nail Brands — Answered Honestly"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hit the pain of invisibility in the professional market",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — reframe the problem: it is a channel problem not a product problem",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduce Mirellé editorially as the answer, no salesy language",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets, what they get from Mirellé not how the platform works",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — 3 real stats with context",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real objections answered honestly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All three links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link must feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "growing-nail-brand-directory-usa",
        "title": "Directory Listing for Growing Nail Brands — Get Found by US Salons & Nail Techs",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 Solution Bridge — after introducing what Mirellé does, note that brands looking for a permanent professional-market presence alongside the campaign can explore the directory listing as a complementary visibility layer.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "growing-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
        "title": "Product Listing & Affiliate Feature for Growing Nail Brands — US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 What We Offer — mention it naturally when describing the range of ways a growing nail brand can build professional-market presence, alongside the campaign post package.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "Mirellé Business Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 5 Stats / Credibility Block — reference it naturally as where brands exploring the full Mirellé platform start.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. Apply the brand-specific nuance below on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Industry-level authority. This is a brand owner or marketing decision-maker — not a solo nail tech, not a salon owner. They respond to market data, trade positioning, and evidence. They are smart, they have been pitched before, and they will see through anything that feels like a sales page. Write peer-to-peer: one trade-savvy professional to another. Respect their intelligence. Never tell them something they already know — get to what they don't know fast.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Consumer nail content language",
      "Mirellé spelled incorrectly — always Mirellé with accent on the final e"
    ]
  }
}
