{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Product Listing & Affiliate Feature for Indie Nail Brands — US Nail Professionals",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand product listing reach nail techs USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_subtype": "Indie / Emerging Brand",
    "service": "Product Listing / Affiliate Post",
    "country": "USA",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "indie-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-19"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "USA — National",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand product listing reach nail techs USA — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "indie nail brand affiliate USA",
      "nail brand sell to nail professionals",
      "nail brand product placement USA",
      "how to get nail brand stocked by salons"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Untapped B2B product placement phrase — no current ranking content. Search returns wholesale supplier marketplaces, not editorial B2B placement posts. The indie brand B2B side is completely unaddressed editorially.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "All results are retail/wholesale directories (Universal Nail Supplies, LA Nail Supplies, SalonCentric, Beyond Polish) or supply-side manufacturers. None position editorial product listing as a B2B tool for indie brand founders reaching nail professionals. All affiliate programs in the space are consumer-facing (KISS, Modelones, Danni & Toni). No nail trade editorial platform offers a product listing or affiliate placement service for indie brand owners. Zero competition for this angle.",
    "links_to": [
      "indie-nail-brand-directory-listing-usa",
      "indie-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "growing-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
      "indie-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary represents real language used by indie nail brand founders and marketing decision-makers in the USA. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. Brand founders are data-oriented and evidence-driven — they respond to market framing, not emotional appeals.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs have never heard of us",
      "our products are great but no one in the professional market knows we exist",
      "I have no idea how to get in front of nail technicians",
      "distributors won't take us on until we're bigger, but we can't get bigger without distribution",
      "Instagram reaches consumers, not pros",
      "we're invisible to the professional market",
      "I can't afford a trade show booth every quarter",
      "salons keep using the same three brands they've always used",
      "nail techs don't try new brands unless they hear about them from somewhere credible",
      "we launched six months ago and still can't get a single pro account"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "professional market reach",
      "B2B product discovery",
      "get in front of nail techs",
      "editorial product placement",
      "nail professional audience",
      "trade-level exposure",
      "professional brand discovery"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "pro accounts",
      "professional stockists",
      "nail tech trial orders",
      "get salons stocking us",
      "convert nail techs into repeat buyers",
      "build a professional customer base",
      "reach licensed nail professionals"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "will nail techs actually see this?",
      "we tried digital marketing and it didn't reach pros",
      "is this just another consumer platform?",
      "how do we know the audience is actually nail professionals, not consumers?",
      "we've wasted money on platforms that promised reach and delivered nothing",
      "our budget is tight — we need proof before we commit",
      "what makes this different from just listing on Amazon or Etsy?"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "professional-only products",
      "licensed nail technician",
      "nail enhancement",
      "gel system",
      "builder gel",
      "soft gel",
      "nail tech behind the table",
      "salon suite operator",
      "independent nail tech",
      "pro account",
      "distributor line",
      "trade-only",
      "nail supply distributor"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "formulated for professionals",
      "created by nail techs, for nail techs",
      "trusted by licensed professionals",
      "professional-grade formula",
      "developed from real salon feedback"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand the competitive landscape and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage — the post must own every question that no competitor is currently answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search returns retail nail supply stores (Universal Nail Supplies, LA Nail Supplies, Nail Mart USA, SalonCentric), wholesale marketplace directories, and manufacturer websites. All are selling products TO nail techs — none are addressing the indie brand founder who wants to GET their products in front of nail techs. The supply-side B2B angle is entirely absent from current results.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Shop by brand",
      "Professional nail supplies",
      "Wholesale nail products",
      "Top nail brands",
      "Products for nail technicians",
      "Salon essentials"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How an indie nail brand founder gets editorial product placement in front of nail professionals",
      "Why traditional distribution is inaccessible for early-stage nail brands",
      "How affiliate or product listing in editorial platforms generates professional market awareness",
      "What nail tech buying behaviour actually looks like and how indie brands can access it",
      "The gap between consumer-facing affiliate marketing and B2B nail professional product discovery"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "All current results are retail/supply-side. Written for nail tech buyers, not brand founders. Transactional product listings, not editorial. Authoritative on product specs but completely silent on brand marketing strategy or professional market entry.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé owns the B2B flip: this post speaks to the indie nail brand founder who is invisible to the professional market and needs a credible editorial product placement vehicle to generate nail tech awareness. Nothing currently ranking addresses this angle. The post can own this query outright with depth and specificity."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every sentence speaks directly to this specific business owner in this specific situation. They are a brand founder or marketing decision-maker — data-oriented, budget-conscious, and sceptical of platforms that promise reach without proof. They are not a consumer. Write like you know them.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Indie nail brand founder or co-founder, typically 1-5 years into the brand, likely self-funded or with small seed capital. May be a former nail tech who launched their own line, or an entrepreneur who identified a gap in the market. Has some social media presence (primarily consumer-facing), a working e-commerce site, and a product they believe in. Has likely sold direct-to-consumer via Instagram, Etsy, or Shopify. Has probably tried to get stockists through cold outreach or trade shows and found the traditional distribution route closed to small brands.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their product exists but the professional market — the 210,000+ licensed nail techs who buy products at volume, recommend brands to clients, and create the credibility signal that builds a brand — has no idea they exist. Consumer marketing (Instagram ads, TikTok) reaches consumers. Wholesale directories reach buyers already looking for established brands. There is no editorial bridge that puts an emerging nail brand in front of active nail professionals in a credible, trust-building context.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram and TikTok ads aimed at consumers. Etsy or direct-to-consumer Shopify sales. Cold emailing distributors (SalonCentric, Universal Nail Supplies, Premier Nail Source) and being told the minimum order or minimum brand recognition threshold is too high. Sending free products to nail influencers on Instagram — some engagement, mostly consumer audience not professional. Booking trade show booths — expensive, geographically limited, and still doesn't generate the always-on professional market presence they need.",
      "what_they_want": "A placement that puts their product in front of licensed nail professionals in a context those professionals trust — not a retail shelf they scroll past, but an editorial feature that explains the product, positions the brand credibly, and sits permanently on a platform nail techs search and return to. They want professional market awareness that compounds over time, not a one-off ad spend.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Real audience data. Evidence the platform's readership is actually nail professionals, not consumers. Industry credibility — does the platform sound like it's written by and for the nail trade, or is it just another beauty blog with ads? Case-study or proof that other brands have been featured and benefited. A clear, honest description of exactly what the placement includes and how it reaches nail tech readers.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague audience claims. Consumer-looking platforms that say 'we also reach professionals.' Upfront costs with no proof of ROI. Anything that feels like a generic beauty directory — they've been down that road. Salesy, hype-driven language. Being lumped in with consumer content when they specifically need B2B professional market access."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "The professional nail market is locked — traditional distribution requires scale you don't have yet, trade shows require budget and geography, and cold outreach to salons barely gets read",
      "Consumer social media (Instagram, TikTok) grows your follower count but doesn't build your professional customer base — nail techs buying at volume aren't coming from your Instagram Reels",
      "Nail techs are loyal to the brands they already know — without editorial credibility or a trusted recommendation from within the trade, a new brand name means nothing to a professional buyer",
      "Getting a product listing on wholesale platforms or Amazon places your product among hundreds of established brands with far more reviews, authority, and name recognition — you're invisible",
      "Without professional market presence, your brand lacks the credibility signal that makes it investable to distributors, stockists, and press — it's a catch-22: you need pro accounts to get distribution, but you need distribution to get pro accounts"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "how do I get my nail brand in front of nail techs",
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "distributors won't touch us until we're bigger",
      "Instagram works for consumers, not for professionals",
      "we can't afford trade show booths every quarter",
      "we've sent free products to influencers and they didn't move professional sales",
      "I need pro accounts not just consumer sales",
      "how do I get licensed nail technicians to try my products",
      "we're invisible in the professional market",
      "our product is better than half the brands they're using but no one in the industry knows about us",
      "how do you get a nail brand stocked by salons when you're just starting out",
      "I've been doing this for 18 months and still can't crack the professional market",
      "is there a nail trade platform that actually reaches working nail techs"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated but still believing in the product — this founder knows their formula is strong, but they are hitting a wall between consumer traction and the professional market credibility that would actually scale the brand."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff. No local keywords for this post — national brand, national geo level.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand product listing reach nail techs USA — appears TWICE in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "indie nail brand product placement USA",
      "nail brand affiliate feature nail professionals",
      "nail brand product listing nail professional platform",
      "how to get nail brand products in front of nail technicians",
      "nail brand editorial product feature USA",
      "nail brand reach professional market product listing",
      "product placement for indie nail brands nail techs"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail tech product discovery",
      "professional nail brand exposure",
      "B2B nail product placement",
      "editorial nail brand feature",
      "nail professional market entry",
      "nail brand pro account acquisition",
      "nail trade editorial platform",
      "nail brand visibility nail professionals",
      "indie beauty brand B2B marketing USA",
      "nail brand affiliate commission structure",
      "nail professional buying behaviour",
      "nail brand distributor alternative",
      "nail brand trade press feature"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "how does an indie nail brand get in front of nail technicians in the USA",
      "what is the best way to list a nail brand product for nail professionals",
      "how do nail brands reach licensed nail techs without a distributor",
      "can small nail brands get editorial product placement in the US nail trade",
      "how do I get nail techs to try my indie nail brand products",
      "what platforms reach nail professionals for nail brand marketing",
      "how does nail brand affiliate marketing work for B2B professional markets",
      "is there a nail trade editorial platform that features indie brands",
      "how do independent nail brands build a professional customer base in the USA",
      "what does a product listing for nail professionals include",
      "how do nail brands get stocked by nail salons in the US",
      "what is an editorial product placement for a nail brand"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "nail tech audience",
      "behind the table",
      "pro buyers",
      "licensed techs",
      "working nail professionals",
      "salon suite owners",
      "independent nail techs",
      "nail tech community",
      "professional product discovery",
      "editorial nail placement"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each so the business owner understands exactly why it matters to them. Source each stat clearly — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "210,100 licensed manicurists and pedicurists employed in the USA in 2024, with employment projected to grow 7% from 2024 to 2034",
      "source": "US Bureau of Labor Statistics, Occupational Outlook Handbook, 2024 — bls.gov",
      "context": "This is your addressable professional market — over 210,000 licensed nail techs who buy products at volume, recommend brands to clients, and hold real purchasing authority. Getting your product in front of even a fraction of this audience changes the trajectory of your brand."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at 7.8% annually over the prior three years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights, Nail Salons Industry Report 2025 — kentleyinsights.com",
      "context": "This is the market your product needs to enter. A market growing at 7.8% annually means nail professionals are spending more, booking more services, and demanding more from the products they use — which creates real runway for new brands that can get their products in front of the right buyers."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "66% of nail techs receive no incentive on retail sales, according to NAILS Magazine industry research",
      "source": "NAILS Magazine Big Book Statistics — nailsmag.com",
      "context": "Most nail techs are not motivated by retailer commissions. What moves them is editorial credibility and peer recommendation — which means an editorial product listing on a platform nail professionals actually read is a more effective route to professional market adoption than a standard affiliate or wholesale arrangement."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from sceptical indie brand founders. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand founder who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished marketing copy.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "How do I know the people reading this are actual nail technicians, not just consumers?",
        "answer": "Mirellé's editorial content is written specifically for nail professionals — salon owners, independent nail techs, and brand decision-makers. The platform's business section targets B2B nail industry searches directly. Consumer nail inspiration content lives in a separate part of the site. When a nail tech searches for professional product options, brand comparisons, or industry resources, Mirellé's business posts are what they find. The audience intent is professional."
      },
      {
        "question": "We've listed on Amazon and wholesale directories and barely moved professional sales. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "Amazon and wholesale directories put your product alongside hundreds of established brands with years of reviews and name recognition. You're invisible there. An editorial product listing on Mirellé is a standalone feature — your brand is the subject, not a line item in a category grid. It explains what the product is, who it's for, and why a nail tech should try it. That context is what converts a professional buyer who has never heard of you. Wholesale directories list you. Editorial features position you."
      },
      {
        "question": "We're a small brand and our marketing budget is limited. Is this worth it when we're still trying to grow?",
        "answer": "The earlier you establish professional market presence, the faster the compound effect builds. Nail techs talk to each other, recommend brands in their networks, and return to products that perform. One well-placed editorial product listing can generate professional awareness that continues working long after the placement goes live — it ranks on Google, it gets found by searching nail techs, and it sits permanently on the platform. Unlike an ad that stops running when you stop paying, an editorial placement compounds over time."
      },
      {
        "question": "What exactly does the product listing include — is it just a link or is there actual editorial content?",
        "answer": "A Mirellé product listing is an editorial feature, not a directory entry. It includes a written description of the product positioned for professional use, the nail tech benefit (not just features), the brand story context that builds credibility, and a direct link to your purchase or professional inquiry page. It is written to convert professional buyers who are actively looking for new products to try, not just to show your brand name on a list."
      },
      {
        "question": "We already have a distributor talking to us — do we still need editorial product placement?",
        "answer": "Distributors reach the salons and techs already in their network. Editorial placement reaches the professional market independently — it generates brand recognition before a distributor's rep ever walks in the door, and it gives distributors something to point to when they're pitching your line to new accounts. The two work together. A brand with editorial credibility is easier to sell through distribution. Without professional market visibility, your distributor is doing all the heavy lifting with nothing to back it up."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s. Every H2 is a real pain point or question — not a generic label. The hook is a single line — no warmup, straight to the pain.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Brand Products Are Ready. The Professional Market Has No Idea They Exist.",
    "hook": "You built the product. You know it performs. But the 210,000 nail techs who could be using it — and recommending it to every client in their chair — have never heard of you.",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Why Indie Nail Brands Stay Invisible to the Professional Market (Pain Block)",
      "H2 2: The Distribution Catch-22 That Keeps Small Brands Out of Professional Hands (Pain Block continued)",
      "H2 3: How a Mirellé Product Listing Puts Your Brand Inside the Professional Conversation (Solution Bridge)",
      "H2 4: What Your Product Listing Feature Includes (What We Offer)",
      "H2 5: The Professional Nail Market You're Not Yet Reaching (Stats / Credibility)",
      "H2 6: Real Questions from Indie Nail Brand Founders (FAQ)"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — professional market invisibility. Primary keyword appears here naturally once.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — the distribution barrier and why consumer marketing fails for professional market reach. Primary keyword appears here naturally a second and final time.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer. Never salesy. Positions the product listing service as the bridge between indie brand and professional audience.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets on what the brand gets from a Mirellé product listing. Written as outcomes, not platform features.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility — all three stats from stat_block. Context sentences included. Builds trust before CTA.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — all 5 FAQs. Real objections, honest answers.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here. No conclusion. No recap."
    },
    "what_you_offer_bullets": [
      "A permanent editorial product feature written for a professional nail tech audience — not a directory listing, not an ad slot",
      "Your product positioned for professional use with the context nail techs need to make a buying decision — formula, application, client benefit",
      "Distribution-independent professional market reach — your brand in front of nail techs searching for new products, regardless of whether you have a distributor relationship",
      "An affiliate commission structure so Mirellé earns on the professional sales your listing drives — aligned incentives, not just a listing fee"
    ]
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All three links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated. The link should feel like a natural editorial next step — not an interruption or a call to action. Maximum 3 internal links total.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "The Mirellé Business Hub",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) — when introducing Mirellé as the editorial answer, a natural reference to the full business hub gives the reader context for the breadth of the platform",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "indie-nail-brand-directory-listing-usa",
        "title": "List Your Indie Nail Brand — Get Seen by US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 (What We Offer) — after explaining what a product listing includes, the directory listing is a natural adjacent option for founders who want foundational brand visibility alongside a product feature",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "indie-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
        "title": "Campaign Post Package for Indie Nail Brands — Reach the US Nail Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in the FAQ section — when answering the question about how editorial placement compounds over time, a natural reference to campaign posts as a deeper engagement option serves the reader who is ready to go further",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. The brand client type nuance is applied on top of the fixed framework. This is a brand founder — likely data-oriented, possibly a former nail tech, definitely sceptical of platforms that over-promise. Write with industry authority and market intelligence.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Industry-level authority. Market data and trade positioning language. This brand founder responds to evidence, not emotion. Acknowledge the distribution barrier as a real structural problem — not a personal failing. Speak to the gap in the market, not the gap in their marketing skills.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer nail content framing",
      "References to salon clients, end consumers, or nail art trends — this post is B2B only"
    ]
  },

  "quality_checklist": {
    "pre_write_verification": [
      "✅ region_cluster_file.json read before research",
      "✅ Post 3 confirmed — indie-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
      "✅ All constraints extracted from cluster file",
      "✅ semantic_vocabulary inherited and extended",
      "✅ Primary keyword LOCKED — nail brand product listing reach nail techs USA",
      "✅ All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list",
      "✅ Business owner intelligence is brand-founder specific — not generic",
      "✅ 13 exact phrases from real sources included",
      "✅ Emotional state captured in one sentence",
      "✅ 3 real stats with verified sources included (BLS, Kentley Insights, NAILS Magazine)",
      "✅ 5 FAQs from real brand founder objections",
      "✅ H2 structure built from real pain points — not generic labels",
      "✅ H2 structure maps to all 8 post components",
      "✅ Internal link mapping run last — all mandatory cluster links included",
      "✅ No local keywords — national brand, national geo level",
      "✅ AEO question phrases included (10 phrases)",
      "✅ Authority statement at top of output file",
      "✅ Writer instructions in every section",
      "✅ No fluff — all data actionable",
      "✅ Em dashes absent throughout"
    ]
  }
}
