{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Directory Listing for Established Nail Brands — Premium Placement with US Nail Professionals",
    "primary_keyword": "professional nail brand directory USA editorial",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_type": "Established National Brand",
    "service": "Directory Listing",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "established-nail-brand-directory-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-28"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "National — USA",
    "primary_keyword": "professional nail brand directory USA editorial — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "established nail brand USA directory",
      "nail brand premium listing USA",
      "top nail brand exposure nail techs",
      "nail brand professional trade platform USA"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Medium",
    "rankability_note": "More competitive than the indie/growing posts but the editorial angle separates Mirellé from thin, unmaintained listing pages. CosmeticIndex and NailIndustryDirectory exist but carry no editorial authority, no B2B brand-to-professional positioning, and no content depth. Mirellé wins on editorial quality, specificity, and brand-owner-first framing.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "NAILS Magazine directory (nailsmag.com/manufacturer) is a manufacturer list — no editorial depth, no brand narrative, no professional-facing B2B context. CosmeticIndex lists brands next to manufacturers and wholesale suppliers — no differentiation. Premier Nail Source and Universal Nail Supplies list brands as retail products, not B2B visibility tools. Zero editorial content addresses an established brand owner asking 'how do I get premium, credible placement in front of the nail professional market?' That is the exact gap Mirellé owns.",
    "links_to": [
      "established-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
      "established-nail-brand-ad-placement-usa"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "growing-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "nail-brand-directory-usa-hub"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is the real language of nail brand marketing decision-makers in the USA. Use it throughout — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader thinks and talks. Do not rewrite into polished marketing copy.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "we're not on their radar",
      "they're still using the same brands they trained on",
      "our trade marketing isn't breaking through",
      "we can't get in front of the right professionals",
      "we have strong consumer brand awareness but professionals don't think of us first",
      "how do we change which brands they recommend to clients",
      "our sales reps can only reach so many accounts",
      "we're invisible in the professional channel",
      "the salons know us but the nail techs aren't switching"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "professional-channel visibility",
      "trade placement",
      "editorial reach",
      "premium listing",
      "professional directory presence",
      "nail trade platform",
      "B2B brand exposure",
      "front-of-mind with nail professionals",
      "professional market credibility"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "get salons to stock us",
      "get nail techs to recommend our brand",
      "break into the professional market",
      "reach nail professionals at scale",
      "be the brand nail techs reach for",
      "convert professional discovery to stockist relationships",
      "trade marketing that moves product"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "we already advertise on NAILS Magazine",
      "we go to Premiere Orlando every year — isn't that enough?",
      "we have a NAILS Mag directory listing — what does this add?",
      "our sales reps cover the key accounts",
      "does a listing actually drive any B2B leads",
      "what makes Mirellé different from any other directory",
      "we have 50k Instagram followers — why do we need editorial placement"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "professional channel",
      "trade marketing",
      "stockist",
      "nail professional market",
      "on-the-book brand",
      "service brand",
      "salon-exclusive",
      "pro-only distribution",
      "brand loyalty in the pro market",
      "nail tech conversion"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "trusted by nail professionals",
      "the brand pros reach for",
      "professional-grade formulation",
      "education and support included",
      "chosen by salon owners",
      "built for the professional market"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand the gap Mirellé fills. The strategic gap section is your competitive angle — own every question competitors are not answering. Do not reference competitor brand names in the post.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search returns a manufacturer directory on nailsmag.com (alphabetical list, zero editorial depth), CosmeticIndex (generic cosmetics supplier index), Premier Nail Source and Universal Nail Supplies (retail wholesale storefronts listing brands as products, not B2B visibility tools). No result positions directory listing as a B2B brand-growth service. No result speaks to an established brand owner's marketing problem. All results are either product directories or generic beauty PR content.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "About the brand / brand history",
      "Product categories listed",
      "Contact / enquiry form",
      "Wholesale pricing information",
      "Distributor network details"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "Why established brands lose professional-market mindshare despite strong consumer awareness",
      "How nail techs actually decide which brands to use and recommend — and how to influence that",
      "Why trade show presence alone does not translate to professional-channel conversion",
      "What editorial credibility does that a directory listing row cannot",
      "How an established brand stays front-of-mind with 250,000+ licensed nail professionals across the USA",
      "The gap between brand awareness and brand loyalty in the professional market"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Competitors write like supplier catalogues or generic beauty trade content. Nobody speaks to the established brand marketing decision-maker directly. Nobody acknowledges the tension between strong consumer brand equity and weak professional-channel penetration. Nobody offers an editorial answer.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only platform that positions directory listing as an editorial brand-credibility tool aimed directly at nail professionals — not a row in a supplier index. The post must own the question no competitor answers: how does an established nail brand with strong consumer presence build real professional-market authority that changes what nail techs reach for and recommend?"
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every sentence speaks directly to this specific decision-maker. They are not a solo founder — they are a brand marketing or trade marketing professional with budget, expectations, and pressure from above. They are sceptical, data-aware, and will dismiss anything that sounds generic or unproven. Write like you know their world.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Brand marketing director, trade marketing manager, or VP of sales at an established US nail brand — OPI tier, CND tier, Gelish tier, or a well-funded challenger brand with national distribution already in place. They have a team, a budget, and are under pressure to show professional-market ROI. They have been in the industry long enough to know what doesn't work. They go to Premiere Orlando. They run a NAILS Mag ad. Their brand is known — but they know that consumer awareness does not automatically translate to what nail techs reach for.",
      "their_core_problem": "They have brand recognition but not professional-channel authority. Nail techs know the brand name but they reach for what they trained on, what their rep pushes, and what peers recommend. Breaking that inertia at scale — without a 20-person sales force or a seven-figure trade marketing budget — is the problem. They are searching for credible, scalable ways to stay front-of-mind with nail professionals nationally, not just in accounts their reps visit.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "NAILS Magazine print and digital ads. Trade show presence at Premiere and similar. Sales rep coverage of key accounts. Social media — including a dedicated @brand_professionals Instagram account. PR outreach. Education programmes. SalonCentric and Premier Nail Source stockist relationships. All of these work to varying degrees — but none close the editorial credibility gap with the broader nail professional market.",
      "what_they_want": "Premium, credible placement in front of the nail professional audience that reinforces their brand's professional-market authority. Something that differentiates them from a generic directory row. Something nail techs and salon owners actually read and trust — not an ad, not a supplier list.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity. Proof that the platform actually reaches nail professionals, not just beauty consumers. Editorial quality that reflects their brand's standard. Transparency about what placement delivers. A platform that looks like something a nail professional would actually visit, bookmark, and share.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague audience claims. Consumer-facing content that doesn't match their B2B brief. Platforms that look like generic beauty blogs. Anything that feels like paying to be on a list next to 200 other brands. Being asked to send a product for review rather than negotiate a brand placement."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Nail techs are brand-loyal by training — they use what they learned on and what their distributor rep stocks. Getting onto that mental shortlist without constant rep presence is the hardest problem in nail B2B.",
      "Strong consumer brand equity does not automatically transfer to professional-channel authority. Nail professionals make their own choices — and those choices are driven by peer recommendation, editorial credibility, and educator relationships, not consumer advertising.",
      "Trade show presence is expensive and reaches a fraction of the 250,000+ licensed nail techs across the USA. The brands that win nationally are the ones nail professionals read about and trust between shows.",
      "NAILS Magazine advertising is valuable but expensive and broadly targeted. Established brands need placement that specifically signals professional-market authority — not just brand awareness.",
      "Digital and social marketing reaches consumers effectively but struggles to move the needle with nail professionals who are looking for trade-level credibility signals, not Instagram aesthetics."
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "nail techs don't think of us first",
      "we need to close the gap between consumer awareness and professional-market authority",
      "our reps can only cover so many accounts",
      "how do we stay front-of-mind with the pros between trade shows",
      "we're well-known but we're not the brand they reach for",
      "trade marketing ROI is hard to prove with traditional placements",
      "we need editorial credibility in the professional market, not just ad placements",
      "salon owners know us — we need nail techs to recommend us to their clients",
      "NAILS Mag is important but it's not enough on its own",
      "we need the professional market to see us as the authority brand",
      "we want to be the brand educators talk about",
      "professional market trust is built differently from consumer trust",
      "we need to be on the platforms nail pros actually visit",
      "brand discovery in the professional channel is different from retail",
      "we're fighting for mindshare, not shelf space"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "They know their brand is established — but that makes the invisibility problem in the professional channel feel even more frustrating, because they have the product, the distribution, and the budget, and still can't break through to genuine nail tech loyalty at scale."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "professional nail brand directory USA editorial — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "established nail brand directory USA",
      "nail brand premium listing USA nail professionals",
      "nail brand professional trade platform USA",
      "nail brand editorial directory US market",
      "established nail brand exposure nail techs USA",
      "nail brand B2B listing platform USA",
      "professional nail brand visibility platform USA"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail professional market",
      "trade marketing nail brand",
      "professional channel visibility",
      "nail tech brand loyalty",
      "brand authority nail professionals",
      "editorial credibility nail trade",
      "nail brand B2B placement",
      "professional nail market USA",
      "salon professional brand discovery",
      "nail brand trade platform",
      "professional market brand awareness",
      "nail brand educator presence",
      "nail professional audience reach"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "how do established nail brands reach nail professionals in the USA",
      "what is the best directory for nail brands to list with in the USA",
      "how do nail brands build authority in the professional market",
      "why do nail techs stay loyal to the same brands",
      "how does a nail brand get nail technicians to recommend their products",
      "what is a professional nail brand directory",
      "how do nail brands get editorial coverage in the US professional market",
      "what makes nail professionals choose one brand over another",
      "how do nail brands reach the professional market beyond trade shows",
      "what platforms do nail professionals use to discover new brands"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "nail techs",
      "the pro market",
      "brand loyalty in the pro channel",
      "stay front-of-mind",
      "trade placement",
      "professional-level credibility",
      "the brands pros reach for",
      "nail pro discovery",
      "editorial feature"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the brand marketing decision-maker understands why it matters to them. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at 7.8% annually over the past three years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights — 2025 Nail Salons US Market Research Report (kentleyinsights.com)",
      "context": "This is the professional market your brand is competing for — and it is growing fast. Nail professionals working across 54,000+ nail salons represent a purchasing, recommending, and trend-setting audience that established brands need to reach and retain consistently."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "There are over 250,000 licensed nail technicians in the USA, with industry employment projected to grow 20% from 2022 to 2032 — faster than the average for all occupations",
      "source": "Gitnux — Nail Industry Statistics 2025 (gitnux.org)",
      "context": "That is 250,000 decision-makers who choose which brands to use at their table, which products to recommend to clients, and which brands they associate with professional credibility. Reaching them via a sales force alone is not scalable — editorial platform presence changes the equation."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The nail salon market is forecast to reach $26.17 billion globally by 2033, growing at 8.2% CAGR — with the USA accounting for 23.7% of global market share",
      "source": "SkyQuestTT — Nail Salon Market Report 2025 (skyquestt.com)",
      "context": "The US professional nail market is not just the largest — it is the one every international brand wants to enter. Established brands that build editorial authority now lock in professional-market positioning as the market expands."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a sceptical, experienced brand marketing decision-maker. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. This person has heard every pitch. Respect their intelligence.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "We already have a listing on NAILS Magazine's manufacturer directory. What does Mirellé add that NAILS Mag doesn't?",
        "answer": "The NAILS Mag manufacturer directory is an alphabetical supplier index — it lists you next to acrylic powder manufacturers and pedicure basin suppliers. Mirellé's directory listing is editorially positioned — your brand is placed in a context that speaks directly to nail professionals about why your brand is relevant to their practice. One is a database. The other is a credibility signal."
      },
      {
        "question": "Our sales reps cover the key accounts. Why do we need an editorial listing on top of that?",
        "answer": "Your reps cover accounts they visit. The other 240,000 nail professionals across the USA are making brand decisions based on what they read, what peers recommend, and which brands they encounter online between trade shows. Editorial presence reaches the market your reps cannot — and it works 24 hours a day."
      },
      {
        "question": "We go to Premiere Orlando every year. Isn't that enough for professional-market presence?",
        "answer": "Premiere reaches the nail professionals who attend — a fraction of the licensed tech market, for two or three days a year. The brands that build genuine professional-market authority are the ones nail pros encounter between shows: in editorial features, in search results, on platforms the industry trusts. Trade shows build awareness; editorial builds authority."
      },
      {
        "question": "Does a directory listing actually drive B2B leads or is it just brand presence?",
        "answer": "Mirellé listings are editorially indexed and designed to rank for the searches nail professionals run when evaluating brands. For an established brand, the primary value is professional-market authority — being in a credible editorial context that nail techs and salon owners trust — plus discovery by the professionals your reps haven't reached yet. The mailto CTA connects interested professionals directly."
      },
      {
        "question": "Our brand already has strong consumer recognition. Won't nail professionals already know us?",
        "answer": "Consumer recognition and professional-market authority are different things. Nail techs know the big consumer brands — but what they reach for at their table is shaped by trade credibility, educator associations, and professional-channel presence. An established consumer brand that lacks professional editorial positioning loses that recommendation at the point of use."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s. Primary keyword appears twice in the pain block — naturally, not forced.",
    "h1": "Your Brand Is Established. Your Nail Professional Market Presence Should Be Too.",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Consumer Recognition Is Not Professional-Market Authority",
      "H2 2 — Why the Nail Professional Market Demands Its Own Approach",
      "H2 3 — Where Mirellé Fits in Your Professional-Channel Strategy",
      "H2 4 — What Your Listing Delivers",
      "H2 5 — The Professional Market Opportunity — In Numbers",
      "H2 6 — Questions From Brand Marketers Who've Heard This Pitch Before"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hit the gap between consumer recognition and professional authority. Primary keyword appears here naturally.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — how nail tech brand loyalty actually works. Primary keyword appears here a second time naturally.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduce Mirellé editorially as the professional-channel answer. Never salesy.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets. What the brand gets, not how the platform works.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — three real market stats with one sentence of context each.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — five real objections answered directly and honestly.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button — contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ. Post ends here. No conclusion. No recap."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link must feel like a natural next step for the brand marketing decision-maker reading at that point in the post.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "established-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
        "title": "Campaign Post Package for Established Nail Brands",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 — Solution Bridge. After introducing the directory listing, reference the campaign post as the next tier of professional-market reach — editorially, as 'brands that want editorial campaign depth rather than directory placement'.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "established-nail-brand-ad-placement-usa",
        "title": "On-Site Ad Placement for Established Nail Brands",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 — What We Offer. When listing what the brand gets, reference the ad placement option as a companion route for brands seeking direct on-platform advertising alongside the directory listing.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-brand-directory-usa-hub",
        "title": "The Mirellé Nail Brand Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 5 — Stats / Credibility Block. After the three stats, reference the hub as the place to see the full scope of Mirellé's professional nail market coverage — positions Mirellé as a complete platform, not a single listing page.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. For this established brand client type, apply the brand nuance below on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Industry-level authority. This is a brand marketing professional — they respond to market data, trade positioning language, and specificity. They do not respond to enthusiasm or vague claims of reach. Speak to them as a peer who understands how the professional channel works and why editorial placement is a different category from ad placement or directory listing. Evidence over assertion, always.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer nail content language",
      "Vague audience claims without data"
    ]
  }
}
