{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Atlanta Nail Creator Spotlight — Rising Nail Artist Feature",
    "primary_keyword": "rising nail artist Atlanta Georgia feature",
    "client_type": "influencer",
    "service": "Creator Spotlight / Rising Nail Artist Feature",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Atlanta",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "atlanta-nail-creator-spotlight",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-13"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "rising nail artist Atlanta Georgia feature — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail creator Atlanta brand collab",
      "nail influencer Atlanta Georgia",
      "nail artist portfolio press Atlanta",
      "nail creator spotlight Atlanta"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "No editorial B2B content covers Atlanta nail creators from a brand collaboration or professional credibility angle. Instagram and TikTok profiles are the only ranking results. First-mover editorial advantage is complete.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Instagram profiles, Yelp nail artist listings, Vagaro booking pages, and StyleSeat dominate SERP for Atlanta nail artist searches. Zero editorial press features exist for Atlanta nail creators seeking brand collaborations or professional recognition. Mirellé steps into a completely empty space.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-tech-not-getting-bookings-atlanta",
      "independent-nail-tech-marketing-atlanta-georgia"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-tech-not-getting-bookings-atlanta"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and extended through Phase 2 intelligence. It reflects real language used by Atlanta nail creators and the brands that work with them. Use it throughout — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks and what brands actually look for.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have the talent but no one outside my followers knows I exist",
      "brands reach out to creators with way fewer skills than me",
      "I don't know how to position myself professionally",
      "I post constantly but I'm not getting brand deals",
      "I feel invisible to the industry even though my work is good",
      "I have no press, no portfolio page, nothing Google-able about me",
      "I don't know how to approach brands without looking desperate",
      "my work is editorial quality but I'm still just taking client bookings",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still have no brand recognition",
      "the brands I want to work with have never heard of me"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up in industry searches",
      "no online presence beyond Instagram",
      "invisible to brand marketers",
      "nothing Google-able",
      "no press coverage",
      "no professional portfolio",
      "not discoverable outside social media"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "land brand collaborations",
      "get noticed by nail brands",
      "attract PR packages",
      "build a professional portfolio",
      "get press coverage",
      "establish credibility with brands",
      "grow beyond client bookings",
      "become a brand ambassador",
      "get featured in editorial content"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "I don't have enough followers for brands to take me seriously",
      "I can't afford a PR agent",
      "I've DM'd brands and never heard back",
      "I don't know how to write a media kit",
      "is editorial coverage even worth it for a nail artist",
      "what makes Mirellé different from just posting on Instagram",
      "brands only work with creators who already have press — it's a catch-22"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail creator",
      "nailfluencer",
      "nail artist",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "hand-painted nail art",
      "editorial nails",
      "UGC creator",
      "nail content creator",
      "brand ambassador",
      "press feature",
      "media kit"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "editorial-quality brand partnerships",
      "helping nail creators build their professional profile",
      "press coverage that brands actually find",
      "grow beyond the algorithm",
      "professional recognition outside social media"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand exactly what is ranking and where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive edge — the post must own every question no competitor is answering. The tone gap is equally important: every ranking result speaks to consumers or treats nail artists as service providers. Mirellé speaks to the creator as a professional building a brand.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 for 'rising nail artist Atlanta Georgia feature' and related variants is entirely Instagram profiles (nitanailnova, taylorlebeauty, tahranailsatl), Yelp nail artist listings, Vagaro booking pages, and Booksy/StyleSeat consumer directories. Not a single editorial B2B result exists. Glitterbels' Scratch Magazine announcement about opening an Atlanta warehouse is the only vaguely industry-relevant result — and it is brand news, not a creator feature.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Nail services offered",
      "How to book an appointment",
      "About the artist",
      "Reviews and testimonials",
      "Portfolio gallery",
      "Contact information"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How a nail creator gets discovered by brands — not just by clients",
      "Why Instagram alone is not enough for professional credibility",
      "What brands actually search for when looking for nail creators to partner with",
      "Why having no press means having no Google footprint for brand discovery",
      "The specific problem of being talented but professionally invisible",
      "How editorial coverage differs from social media presence and why both matter",
      "The credibility gap between a social profile and a press feature"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Consumer directories and social profiles treat nail artists as service providers. Booking-focused. Client-facing. No editorial addresses the creator as a professional seeking industry recognition and brand partnerships. The gap is not a different angle on the same content — it is an entirely different conversation that no one is having in Atlanta.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial platform speaking to Atlanta nail creators as professionals building a career beyond client bookings. No competitor is addressing brand collaboration credibility, press-searchable identity, or what it means to be professionally featured in editorial content that brands actually find. This post owns that conversation completely."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph speaks directly to this specific Atlanta nail creator at this specific moment in their career. They are not a consumer. They are a creative professional who is skilled, ambitious, and frustrated that their talent has not translated into the professional recognition or brand opportunities they are capable of. Write like you know them. Do not patronise. Do not oversell. Respect the work.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "An Atlanta-based nail artist or content creator — independent nail tech, suite renter, or home studio operator — with real skill and an active social following (typically 5k to 50k on Instagram or TikTok). They post consistently, their work is editorial quality, and they have started thinking about their business as more than client bookings. They want brand deals, PR packages, ambassador roles, or recognition that extends beyond their existing follower base. They are watching other creators with similar or lesser skill get brand partnerships and wondering what those creators have that they do not.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their professional identity exists only inside social media. Brands searching for nail creators in Atlanta on Google find nothing about them. They have no press, no editorial feature, no searchable professional profile outside their Instagram bio. The brands they want to work with are not finding them — because there is nowhere to find them except a social algorithm they do not control.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Posting daily on Instagram and TikTok. Tagging brands consistently in content featuring their products. DMing brands directly with little or no response. Applying to brand ambassador programs. Sending samples of their work. Building a following. None of this has produced consistent brand partnerships — because it all happens inside social media, where brands are pitched a hundred times a day.",
      "what_they_want": "Professional recognition that travels beyond their existing audience. A Google-searchable feature that a brand marketing manager can find when they search for Atlanta nail creators. Press credibility that opens doors to brand collabs, ambassador roles, editorial shoots, and industry event invitations. Something that makes them look established rather than emerging.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity about the Atlanta nail creator market. Evidence that Mirellé understands the brand collaboration world, not just social media growth advice. Real examples of what editorial coverage does for a creator's professional profile. No fluff — straight talk about what the feature delivers and why it works differently from what they have already tried.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Anything that sounds like generic influencer marketing advice. Promises about growing followers. Platforms that position them as a client rather than a professional. Anything that feels like paying for a directory listing dressed up as a feature. Vague language about 'exposure' with no explanation of what that means in practical terms."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "I post every day, tag brands constantly, and get nothing back — my work speaks for itself but it is not reaching the right people",
      "Brands are finding other creators who are less skilled than me — I think it is because those creators have press or some kind of professional profile I do not have",
      "I have no media kit, no press page, nothing I can send to a brand to say this is who I am professionally — my Instagram is all I have and it is not enough",
      "The algorithm controls my visibility — when it stops pushing my content I disappear, but I have no permanent professional presence anywhere",
      "I feel like there is a catch-22 with brand deals — brands want creators who already have press, but you cannot get press until a brand gives you a deal"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "brands reach out to people with way fewer skills than me",
      "I've DM'd brands and never heard back",
      "I don't know how to position myself professionally",
      "I post constantly but I'm not getting brand deals",
      "the algorithm is not my friend right now",
      "I have no media kit, I wouldn't even know where to start",
      "I feel invisible to brands even though my work is good",
      "nothing Google-able about me",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still have no brand recognition",
      "brands only work with creators who already have press — it's a catch-22",
      "I want to grow beyond taking client bookings",
      "I need something permanent, not just another post",
      "my work is editorial quality but I'm still just a nail tech to everyone outside my followers",
      "I want to be taken seriously as a professional, not just an Instagram page",
      "how do I get brands to find me when they're not looking at Instagram"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and quietly stuck — talented, visible to their existing audience, but professionally invisible to the brand world they want access to, with no clear path to close that gap."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff. Influencer posts do not require heavy local keyword density — the primary keyword carries the geo signal. Use user language terms liberally in the pain block and hook.",
    "primary_keyword": "rising nail artist Atlanta Georgia feature — LOCKED. Appears twice in pain block only.",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail creator spotlight Atlanta Georgia",
      "nail artist feature Atlanta Georgia",
      "Atlanta Georgia nail creator press",
      "nail influencer feature Atlanta",
      "nail artist editorial Atlanta Georgia",
      "rising nail creator Atlanta press",
      "Atlanta nail artist brand collab feature"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail creator brand collaboration",
      "nail artist press coverage",
      "nail influencer editorial feature",
      "nail creator professional profile",
      "nail artist media kit alternative",
      "nail content creator brand deal",
      "editorial nail feature",
      "nail artist brand ambassador",
      "nail creator PR coverage",
      "nail artist Google presence",
      "nail creator portfolio press page",
      "nail artist professional credibility",
      "nail content creator visibility",
      "nail creator industry recognition"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "Atlanta nail creator",
      "Atlanta Georgia nail artist",
      "Atlanta nail influencer",
      "Georgia nail creator feature",
      "Atlanta nail content creator",
      "Atlanta nail artist press",
      "Georgia nail influencer brand deal"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do nail artists in Atlanta get noticed by brands?",
      "What does a nail creator need to get brand deals in Georgia?",
      "How do nail influencers get press coverage?",
      "Why are brands not responding to my nail creator DMs?",
      "What is a nail artist creator spotlight feature?",
      "How do I build a professional profile as a nail artist in Atlanta?",
      "What makes a nail creator attractive to beauty brands?",
      "How do I get editorial coverage as a nail artist?",
      "Can a nail creator get press coverage without a PR agent?",
      "What is the difference between an Instagram following and press coverage for a nail artist?",
      "How do brands find nail creators to collaborate with?",
      "Why do nail artists with fewer followers get more brand deals?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "brand deal",
      "nail content creator",
      "nailfluencer",
      "brand collab",
      "PR package",
      "brand ambassador",
      "media kit",
      "press page",
      "editorial feature",
      "getting noticed by brands"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the nail creator understands exactly why it matters to their situation. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims. Frame each one through the lens of professional credibility and brand opportunity, not general market size.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon and nail tech industry reached $25.5 billion in revenue in 2025, growing at 9.1% CAGR over the past five years",
      "source": "IBISWorld, Personal Waxing & Nail Salons US Industry Report, 2026",
      "context": "The nail industry is not a niche — it is a major and growing US market. Brands investing in nail creator partnerships are not taking a risk; they are chasing a proven consumer spending category. For an Atlanta nail creator with a professional press profile, this makes you a credible entry point into a $25 billion market, not just a social media account."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "44% of brands used nano-influencers (1k to 10k followers) for campaigns in 2024, up from 39% in 2023 — and micro-influencers deliver 2x to 3x higher engagement rates than larger accounts",
      "source": "Influencer Marketing Hub, State of Influencer Marketing Benchmark Report, 2025",
      "context": "Brands are actively moving toward smaller, more engaged creators. Follower count is no longer the primary filter — relevance, engagement, and professional credibility are. An Atlanta nail creator with 10,000 engaged followers and an editorial press feature is a stronger brand partner candidate than an account with 100,000 disengaged followers and no professional profile."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The US influencer marketing spend is projected to reach $9.29 billion in 2025, with beauty and fashion consistently ranking as the top two verticals for brand investment",
      "source": "BusinessDojo / Dojo Business, Beauty Brand Influencer Collaboration Budget Report, 2025",
      "context": "Nail content sits squarely inside the beauty vertical — the single biggest category for influencer marketing spend. Beauty brands are actively looking for creators to put their budget behind. The creators getting that investment are the ones brands can find, verify, and trust. A Mirellé editorial feature makes you findable, verifiable, and professional — on Google, not just on Instagram."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from real nail creators. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A creator who feels their doubts are respected will reach out. One who reads polished spin will scroll past.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I don't have enough followers for brands to take me seriously — why would a feature help?",
        "answer": "Follower count is not the deciding factor it used to be. Brands now prioritise engagement, niche relevance, and professional credibility. An editorial feature on Mirellé gives you a Google-searchable, brand-facing professional profile that your Instagram bio cannot. When a brand manager searches for Atlanta nail creators to partner with, they need to find something more substantial than a social profile. A Mirellé feature gives them that."
      },
      {
        "question": "Is this just a directory listing with a fancy name?",
        "answer": "No. A directory listing is a name, a service category, and a location. A Mirellé Creator Spotlight is an editorial feature — SEO-optimised, written to position you as a professional in your specific market, linked within an active content cluster, and built to rank on Google for search terms brands and industry contacts actually use. It is a press feature that lives on the web permanently, not a line in a list."
      },
      {
        "question": "I've tagged brands for years and never got a response — how is press any different?",
        "answer": "Social media tagging puts you in front of a brand's notifications, which their social team manages. Editorial press puts you in front of their marketing and partnership team, which searches Google when they are actively looking for creators to work with. These are different people, different searches, different decisions. Press is how you reach the people who write the cheques, not the people who manage the brand's Instagram."
      },
      {
        "question": "How long does the feature stay live?",
        "answer": "Permanently. A Mirellé editorial feature is not a campaign or a sponsored post with an expiry date. It lives on mirelleinspo.com indefinitely, continues to build SEO authority over time, and remains searchable long after you have posted and deleted a hundred Instagram Reels. The longer it lives, the more backlink authority it accumulates."
      },
      {
        "question": "What do I need to provide to get featured?",
        "answer": "Send an email to contact@mirelleinspo.com with a brief overview of who you are, what you specialise in, and where you are based in Georgia. The Mirellé editorial team handles the rest. You do not need a media kit, a PR agent, or an existing brand deal. You need to show up, be specific about your work, and let the editorial process do what it is designed to do."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s. Every heading is a real question or pain point — never a generic label.",
    "h1": "Rising Nail Artist in Atlanta Georgia? Here Is Why Your Work Deserves a Feature",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — You Post Every Day. Brands Still Cannot Find You.",
      "H2 2 — The Difference Between an Instagram Following and a Professional Press Profile",
      "H2 3 — What a Mirellé Creator Spotlight Actually Does for an Atlanta Nail Artist",
      "H2 4 — What You Get From a Mirellé Creator Spotlight Feature",
      "H2 5 — The Atlanta Nail Market and the Brand Opportunity You Are Sitting Inside",
      "H2 6 — Real Questions From Atlanta Nail Creators Before They Reached Out"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the core frustration: talent without visibility to the brand world",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — deepens the distinction between social presence and press credibility; primary keyword appears here (second use)",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer, never salesy",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3 to 4 bullets. What they get. Benefits framed for the creator.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — market context and brand opportunity. Three stats follow.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — real objections answered honestly. FAQ format follows.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com. Post ends here. No conclusion. No recap."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader at that exact moment in the post, not an interruption or a distraction.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-tech-not-getting-bookings-atlanta",
        "title": "Nail Tech Not Getting Bookings — Atlanta",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 2 (Pain Block continued) when discussing how Atlanta nail creators struggle with professional visibility beyond client bookings. Natural bridge: creators who are not getting brand deals are often also not getting enough bookings — both are visibility problems with the same root cause.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "independent-nail-tech-marketing-atlanta-georgia",
        "title": "Independent Nail Tech Marketing — Atlanta Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) when framing Mirellé as part of a broader professional visibility strategy for Atlanta nail creators. Natural bridge: editorial coverage works alongside marketing — this post expands the reader's toolkit.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed. What changes for influencer posts is the nuance below — apply it on top of the fixed framework. This reader wants credibility, not warmth. Respect their ambition without flattering it.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely. Mirellé spelled with é always.",
    "client_type_nuance": {
      "influencer": "Credibility-forward. This reader wants to be taken seriously as a professional — not as a social media personality, but as a nail artist with a career trajectory. Write to that ambition. Acknowledge their skill without gushing. Respect that they have tried other things and they have not worked. Do not position Mirellé as their saviour — position it as the professional infrastructure they are missing."
    },
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic influencer marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly enthusiastic or hype-driven language",
      "Phrases like 'take your brand to the next level'",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é"
    ]
  }
}
