{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Nail Salon Google Business Profile — Atlanta",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon not showing on Google Atlanta",
    "client_type": "salon",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Atlanta",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "nail-salon-google-business-profile-atlanta",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-13"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon not showing on Google Atlanta — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail salon Google Business Profile Atlanta",
      "nail salon get found Google Maps Atlanta",
      "nail salon local SEO Atlanta Georgia",
      "nail salon invisible Google Atlanta"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "High-pain owner search phrase with zero Atlanta-targeted editorial competition. Only Zoca and Vagaro rank with generic GBP guides — none are Atlanta-specific. Geo-targeted editorial will rank quickly.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Zoca and Vagaro rank nationally with generic Google Business Profile fix lists. The Local Gem ranks with generic salon GBP advice. None speak to Atlanta owners specifically. No editorial post explains the two-system distinction (GBP vs website SEO) to a local Atlanta salon owner. No competitor connects Google invisibility to the scale of Atlanta's 2,289-salon market and what that means for bookings lost daily.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-salon-directory-buckhead-atlanta",
      "nail-salon-visibility-decatur-atlanta"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-salon-directory-buckhead-atlanta",
      "how-to-get-more-nail-clients-midtown-atlanta"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and represents real language used by nail business owners in Atlanta and Georgia. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. Do not rewrite into polished marketing language.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "my Google profile isn't working",
      "I set it up and nothing happened",
      "I have five-star reviews but no new bookings from them",
      "someone else shows up when they search my salon name",
      "I don't come up in search"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "not in the map pack",
      "not in the top three",
      "losing the local pack spot",
      "buried on page two"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "stop the slow days",
      "get found by people who are ready to book"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "I already claimed my profile and it still doesn't work",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to manage a Google profile",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know if editorial coverage does anything",
      "how do I know this is different from everything else I've tried",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "I'm not sure what Mirellé actually does"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "map pack",
      "local 3-pack",
      "GBP",
      "NAP consistency",
      "Google Maps ranking"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand",
      "editorial coverage that builds authority online"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what is already ranking and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage — make sure the post owns every question competitors are not answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 for 'nail salon not showing on Google Atlanta' is dominated by Zoca.com (generic salon GBP fix guides), The Local Gem (generic how-to-rank content), consumer salon listings (Yelp, Booksy, StyleSeat), and individual Atlanta salon websites ranking for their own names. Zero Atlanta-specific B2B editorial content exists. No content speaks directly to an Atlanta salon owner about their specific visibility problem in a city with 2,289 competing salons.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Why your salon isn't showing on Google",
      "How to claim your Google Business Profile",
      "Optimize your GBP listing",
      "Get more Google reviews",
      "NAP consistency across directories",
      "Choose the right business category",
      "Add photos to your profile",
      "How long does it take to rank"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "The two-system problem — GBP vs website SEO are separate systems with different fixes, and salon owners confuse them constantly",
      "Atlanta-specific context — 2,289 nail salons competing in one city means generic advice is not enough",
      "The emotional reality of being invisible after years of good work and 5-star reviews",
      "Why editorial coverage and backlinks to the salon's Google profile accelerate GBP ranking, not just profile optimisation",
      "How a Mirellé campaign post creates a third online signal alongside GBP and website — exactly what Google needs to confirm a business is legitimate",
      "The specific Atlanta map pack competition and what it takes to appear in it when the market is this saturated"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Competitors write generic fix lists. Zoca is the best of them — clear and structured — but entirely US-national with no Atlanta context. The Local Gem and MioSalon write for a general salon owner, not a stressed Atlanta nail salon owner who has 2,289 competitors and still can't get found. All content treats this as a technical problem. None treat it as a business survival problem.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé can own the Atlanta-specific angle that no one else has taken. The post must answer: why is my nail salon invisible in Atlanta specifically, and what does that cost me daily in a city this size. Then position Mirellé's Campaign Post Package as the editorial credibility signal that accelerates GBP ranking — something no generic GBP guide mentions and no competitor can offer."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this Atlanta nail salon owner. They are not a consumer. They are running a business in one of the most crowded nail markets in the South, losing bookings daily to salons they know are no better than theirs. Write like you know them.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "An Atlanta nail salon owner — solo or small team, often running 1-3 chairs, serving a loyal but limited regular clientele. May be in Buckhead, Midtown, Decatur, Sandy Springs, or another Atlanta neighbourhood. Has been doing nails for years. Does good work. Has real Google reviews. But their Google Business Profile is either incomplete, unclaimed, unoptimised, or simply losing the map pack battle to larger or more technically savvy competitors. They do not understand why this is happening.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their nail salon is not showing up on Google Atlanta searches — specifically not appearing in the Google Maps 3-pack — which means ready-to-book clients searching 'nail salon near me Atlanta' are not finding them. In a city with 2,289 nail salons competing for the same map pack positions, invisibility is not inconvenient — it is a direct revenue loss every single day.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Posting on Instagram daily. Running Facebook ads that brought no bookings. Claiming their GBP months ago but seeing no change. Asking for reviews and getting them — but still not ranking. Possibly trying a directory listing that brought nothing. They have done what they were told to do and it has not worked. They do not know what they are missing.",
      "what_they_want": "To appear in the Google Maps 3-pack when someone in Atlanta searches for a nail salon. To stop losing clients to the three salons that do appear in that pack. To fill their slow days with clients who found them online — not through word of mouth alone. They want to understand what is actually wrong and what will actually fix it.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity. A resource that understands Atlanta's market saturation, not generic advice. Clear explanation of why the problem exists. Proof that the solution is different from everything else they have tried. Evidence — market data, not promises. Peer-level tone that respects that they run a real business.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Anything that sounds like every other marketing promise they have already heard. Generic listicles with no Atlanta context. Salesy language. Vague outcomes ('get more clients!'). Content that explains GBP as if they have never heard of it. Anything that feels like it was written for every salon owner in America, not for them in Atlanta."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "I claimed my Google profile and verified it, but my salon still doesn't show up when people search for nail salons in Atlanta — and I have no idea why",
      "I have great reviews but the salon three blocks away with fewer stars is appearing in the map pack and I'm not — I'm losing clients to them every day",
      "Atlanta has thousands of nail salons and I can't compete because I don't understand how Google decides who gets shown",
      "My Instagram is doing fine but Instagram followers don't pay rent — I need people who are actively searching to find me",
      "I've spent money on ads, directories, and profile setups — none of it has moved my Google ranking and I'm running out of ideas"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I set it up and nothing happened",
      "why is that salon ranking above me, their reviews are worse",
      "I don't come up when people search nail salon Atlanta",
      "my Google profile isn't working",
      "I've had my profile for a year and it still does nothing",
      "I have five-star reviews and I'm still invisible",
      "someone else shows up when they search my salon name",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I tried ads and wasted my money",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't know what I'm missing",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "directories never bring real clients"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and confused — they have done what they were told to do, they have the reviews and the skills, and they are still invisible in a city that is full of clients who could be walking through their door."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon not showing on Google Atlanta — appears TWICE in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail salon invisible on Google Atlanta",
      "nail salon not appearing on Google Maps Atlanta",
      "Atlanta nail salon not ranking on Google",
      "why is my nail salon not showing up on Google Atlanta",
      "nail salon missing from Google search Atlanta Georgia",
      "nail salon not in Google map pack Atlanta",
      "nail salon can't get found online Atlanta"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "Google Business Profile nail salon",
      "nail salon local SEO Atlanta",
      "Google Maps 3-pack nail salon",
      "nail salon map pack Atlanta",
      "GBP optimisation nail salon",
      "nail salon online visibility Atlanta",
      "nail salon search ranking Atlanta Georgia",
      "Google Business Profile ranking factors",
      "nail salon reviews Google ranking",
      "NAP consistency salon",
      "nail salon editorial backlink",
      "salon online presence Atlanta",
      "nail salon digital footprint",
      "nail salon get found locally Atlanta"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "nail salon not showing Google Atlanta Georgia",
      "nail salon Google Maps Atlanta",
      "nail salon local SEO Atlanta",
      "nail salon Buckhead Google ranking",
      "nail salon Midtown Atlanta Google visibility",
      "nail salon Decatur Atlanta Google",
      "nail salon Sandy Springs Google Maps",
      "Atlanta nail salon online presence"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "Why is my nail salon not showing up on Google Atlanta?",
      "How do I get my nail salon to appear in the Google map pack in Atlanta?",
      "Why does my nail salon have reviews but still not rank on Google Maps?",
      "What is the Google local 3-pack and how do I get my salon into it?",
      "How many nail salons are competing in Atlanta on Google Maps?",
      "Does editorial coverage help a nail salon rank on Google in Atlanta?",
      "Why is another Atlanta nail salon ranking above mine on Google?",
      "How long does it take for a nail salon to show up on Google after optimising the profile?",
      "What is NAP consistency and why does it affect my salon's Google ranking?",
      "Can a Mirellé post help my nail salon get found on Google in Atlanta?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "my Google profile does nothing",
      "why won't Google show my salon",
      "how to get in the Google 3-pack",
      "Atlanta nail salon map pack",
      "why other salons rank above me",
      "how to get found on Google Maps",
      "Google is ignoring my salon",
      "my nail salon is invisible online"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the business owner understands why it matters to them specifically. Source each stat clearly — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "There are 2,289 nail salons competing in the Atlanta market as of 2024",
      "source": "SmartScrapers / RentechDigital business data, 2024",
      "context": "Atlanta is one of the most saturated nail markets in the South. When 2,289 salons are fighting for the same Google map pack positions, an unoptimised profile is not a minor oversight — it is a guaranteed loss to a competitor who has done the work."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "76% of consumers who search 'near me' visit a business within one day — and 42% click only on the top three local results in the Google map pack",
      "source": "Think with Google / Backlinko Local SEO data",
      "context": "The clients searching 'nail salon Atlanta' right now are ready to book today. If your salon is not in those top three map pack positions, 42% of those clients never even see your name. They book with whoever Google shows them."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "Customers are 70% more likely to visit a business with a complete Google Business Profile, and a complete profile makes them 2.7 times more likely to consider the business reputable",
      "source": "Google / BrightLocal, cited across multiple local SEO research reports",
      "context": "A complete, active, well-linked GBP is not just a listing — it is a trust signal Google and your potential clients both read. Salons with editorial backlinks and consistent online mentions alongside their profile rank faster and hold position longer."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from Atlanta nail salon owners who have tried to fix their Google visibility before and failed. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A business owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I already claimed and verified my Google Business Profile. Why am I still not showing up?",
        "answer": "Claiming and verifying your profile is the minimum — not the solution. Google ranks your profile based on how complete it is, how many quality reviews you have, how consistent your business details are across the web, and whether other credible sites reference your salon. In a market with 2,289 Atlanta nail salons, a basic claimed profile is not enough to compete for map pack positions. The salons ranking above you have stronger online signals — usually more reviews, consistent NAP details across directories, and often editorial coverage linking back to their profile or website."
      },
      {
        "question": "I have good reviews. Shouldn't that be enough to rank on Google?",
        "answer": "Reviews are one ranking factor — not the only one. Google's local algorithm weighs profile completeness, primary category accuracy, NAP consistency across the web, photos, activity, and inbound signals from external sites. A salon with 40 reviews and strong editorial mentions will outrank a salon with 80 reviews and nothing else pointing at it. Reviews help, but they do not work in isolation."
      },
      {
        "question": "What does a Mirellé post actually do for my Google ranking?",
        "answer": "A Mirellé campaign post creates an editorial signal — a credible, indexed web page that mentions your salon by name and location, which Google reads as a third-party confirmation that your business is real and relevant in Atlanta. This supports your GBP's authority and contributes to local SEO signals. It will not replace proper GBP optimisation, but it fills a gap that most salons miss: no credible external content referencing them anywhere on the web."
      },
      {
        "question": "I've tried directories and they never brought any clients. Why is this different?",
        "answer": "Directory listings and editorial posts serve different purposes. A directory listing is a citation — a mention of your name and address that helps NAP consistency. An editorial post is content — it ranks independently on Google, signals topical relevance to your location and service, and builds authority for your salon's name online. Mirellé posts are written to rank for the exact phrases salon owners in Atlanta are searching, then connect readers to your business as the local answer. That is a different mechanism from a Yelp listing."
      },
      {
        "question": "How long before I see results from a Mirellé campaign?",
        "answer": "Google Business Profile improvements typically show movement within 30 to 60 days when the right changes are made. Editorial content can begin ranking within weeks for low-competition local phrases — and Atlanta's B2B editorial space is almost entirely uncontested. Mirellé does not promise specific ranking timelines, but the content is built to rank and is aimed at keywords with confirmed editorial gaps. What we can say honestly: it works for the salons who take the gap seriously."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s. Every H2 must feel like something the business owner is thinking or searching — not a generic section label.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Salon Is Not Showing on Google Atlanta. Here Is Why — and What to Do About It.",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: You Have Five-Star Reviews and You Are Still Invisible. That Is Not an Accident.",
      "H2 2: Atlanta Has 2,289 Nail Salons Fighting for Three Map Pack Spots. What Side Are You On?",
      "H2 3: How Mirellé Gets Your Salon Into the Conversation — Without the Generic Marketing Promises",
      "H2 4: What Atlanta Nail Salons Get From Mirellé",
      "H2 5: The Numbers Behind the Problem — and the Opportunity",
      "H2 6: Real Questions From Atlanta Salon Owners Who Have Tried Everything Else"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the core contradiction: good work, real reviews, still invisible",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — introduces the Atlanta-specific scale of the problem and the map pack competition",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially, not as a product pitch",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets on what they get from a Mirellé Campaign Post Package",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility — three real stats with context",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real objections answered directly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-salon-directory-buckhead-atlanta",
        "title": "Nail Salon Directory — Buckhead, Atlanta",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 3 or H2 4 — after introducing Mirellé's editorial approach, link to the Buckhead directory as a concrete example of the type of local visibility Mirellé creates for Atlanta salon owners",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-salon-visibility-decatur-atlanta",
        "title": "Nail Salon Visibility — Decatur Atlanta",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 2 — when discussing the Atlanta-wide visibility problem, reference the Decatur post as evidence that this is a city-wide issue affecting salons across every neighbourhood, not just the owner's specific area",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. For a salon client type, apply peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. They run a real business and they know it.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Salon — Peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. They run a business and they know it — speak to that. Do not condescend. Do not explain Google as if they have never heard of it. Explain why what they have already tried has not worked, and why this is different.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Explaining GBP from scratch as if the owner is a beginner — they know what it is, they just cannot make it work"
    ]
  }
}
