{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "How to Fill Your Appointment Book — Savannah Nail Salon",
    "primary_keyword": "how to fill appointment book nail salon Savannah",
    "client_type": "salon",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Savannah",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "how-to-fill-appointment-book-nail-salon-savannah",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-13"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "how to fill appointment book nail salon Savannah — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail salon slow days Savannah Georgia",
      "get more nail bookings Savannah",
      "nail salon clients Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon marketing tips Savannah"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Exact owner pain phrase; completely uncontested in Savannah — fastest win in the cluster. Generic national content is the only competition. No editorial addresses Savannah salon owners on this precise pain.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Ranking pages are entirely consumer-facing salon sites (Image Is Everything, EMarie, Glamour Nails, Victory Nails Lounge) or generic national marketing blog posts (Yocale, Mangomint, Wix). Zero editorial B2B content exists targeting Savannah salon owners with this specific appointment-filling problem. No competitor combines local Savannah context (tourism, seasonal demand, historic district foot traffic) with business owner growth intent.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
      "best-nail-salon-savannah-feature"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
      "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and represents real language used by nail business owners in this region and across the US. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. Do not use all terms at once — weave selectively for flow.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "I stare at empty chairs on a Tuesday and don't know what to do",
      "I've tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I'm relying on regulars and it's not sustainable",
      "people are stretching out their appointments longer and longer",
      "I can't compete with the salons that are always packed"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "book out my week",
      "fill those Tuesday and Wednesday slots"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to do social media",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know where to start",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "I've heard it all before and nothing works",
      "I can't afford to waste money on something unproven"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "fill appointment",
      "slow days",
      "dead slots",
      "no-show"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what is already ranking and exactly where Mirelle wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage. Build every H2 around the questions no one ranking is answering. The Savannah-specific angle — tourism economy, local foot traffic patterns, seasonal demand — is completely absent from all ranking content.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 is entirely individual Savannah salon websites (consumer-facing) — Image Is Everything, EMarie Boutique, Victory Nails Lounge, Elite Nails Savannah, Queen Nails, Glamour Nails, La Bella Nails — plus one NAILS Magazine article from 1992 (wildly outdated). Zero B2B editorial content exists for Savannah salon owners searching this phrase. Mangomint, Yocale, and Wix rank nationally for generic nail salon marketing but none have Savannah geo-signals.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Online booking tips",
      "Social media marketing for nail salons",
      "Google Business Profile basics",
      "Loyalty programmes and referral schemes",
      "Paid advertising (Facebook/Instagram)",
      "Email marketing",
      "Discounts and promotions",
      "Client retention strategies",
      "Walk-in vs appointment balance",
      "Community partnerships"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "Why Savannah salon owners specifically struggle with slow days (seasonal tourism volatility — the off-season slump after summer peaks)",
      "How to capture tourist foot traffic that is already walking past the door",
      "Why posting on Instagram does not fill the appointment book in a mid-sized southern city",
      "The connection between Google visibility and actual bookings — not just generic 'optimise your profile' advice",
      "Why word-of-mouth that worked for years is no longer reliable as the Savannah market gets more crowded",
      "The specific challenge of competing with larger, more visible salons on Abercorn Street and the Historic District",
      "What editorial presence (not social media) actually does for a Savannah salon owner's search ranking",
      "Why membership in the right platform matters more than running another Facebook ad that goes nowhere"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Generic marketing listicles — authoritative in style but non-specific in application. No competitor speaks to a Savannah salon owner as a peer. All content is either consumer-directed (salon websites) or national-brand generic (software platforms selling their own tools). No one writes to this owner as an intelligent businessperson who has already tried the obvious things.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirelle is the only platform capable of writing editorial content that is geo-targeted to Savannah salon owners, speaks directly to their specific market conditions (tourism economy, seasonal volatility, growing competition), and presents a B2B solution — not a software subscription or generic ad spend advice. The absence of any local B2B editorial on page 1 means a single well-crafted post will rank fast and rank alone."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific Savannah salon owner. She runs a real business in a real city. She has tried things. She is not naive. She is stressed about slow midweek slots, frustrated that Instagram is not converting, and quietly worried that the market is changing in ways she cannot see. Speak to that. She responds to specificity — about Savannah, about the nail industry, about what actually moves bookings.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A Savannah nail salon owner — likely running a 3-to-8-chair operation, possibly with 2-4 employed or booth-renting techs. She has been in business at least two to five years. She built her early client base through word of mouth and loyal regulars. Her work is genuinely good. She may be located on Abercorn Street, near the Historic District, or in a suburban strip in Pooler or Southside. She is not new — she is established but stalled.",
      "their_core_problem": "She cannot fill midweek appointment slots. Her regulars come in reliably but new clients are trickling in too slowly to grow. She sees Savannah getting busier — the tourists, the new residents, the Hyundai plant workers moving in nearby — but none of that foot traffic is landing on her appointment book. She knows she should be doing more marketing but does not know what actually works.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "She has posted on Instagram inconsistently. She may have run a Facebook ad campaign that cost money and brought in one or two clients. She claims her Google profile but has not updated it in months. She relies on Yelp reviews and word of mouth. She has probably offered a discount or loyalty punch card at some point. None of it has created a steady, predictable flow of new bookings.",
      "what_they_want": "A full appointment book every week — not just Fridays and Saturdays. She wants consistent new clients who find her through search, not just through a friend's recommendation. She wants to stop stressing every Monday about whether the week will be slow. She wants visibility that works without her spending hours creating content.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity about Savannah. Evidence that the platform understands her market. Real, honest language that does not oversell. No jargon. No 'guaranteed results' language. Peer-level respect — she is running a business and she has heard the marketing pitch before. She trusts editorial content that does not try to sell her too hard.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Anything that sounds like a software sales pitch. Vague promises about 'boosting your online presence.' Generic marketing advice she could have found on any listicle. Anything that does not acknowledge Savannah specifically. Over-complicated or expensive-sounding solutions. Salesy tone — she will click away immediately."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Slow midweek days — Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday chairs sit empty while Friday and Saturday are fully booked, and she does not know how to fix the gap",
      "New clients not finding her — she has five-star reviews and strong work but still loses prospective clients to more visible salons nearby, often ones with worse service",
      "Instagram is not working — she posts sporadically, gets likes from regulars, but almost never gets a booking from a new client who discovered her through social",
      "Tourism opportunity going untapped — Savannah draws nearly 13 million visitors a year (2024 data) and she is capturing almost none of them because they cannot find her when they search",
      "Word of mouth is slowing down — her loyal client base is stable but not growing, and she cannot sustain the business on referrals alone as competition in Savannah increases"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "I stare at empty chairs on a Tuesday and I don't know what to do",
      "My work speaks for itself — so why aren't new people finding me?",
      "I post on Instagram and get nothing",
      "Walk-ins have slowed right down",
      "Savannah is so busy but none of those tourists are coming to me",
      "I've tried ads and I just wasted money",
      "I need to fill my appointment book, not just the weekends",
      "I don't know where my new clients are supposed to come from",
      "My regulars are great but I need more than that",
      "I'm not showing up on Google and I don't know why",
      "I've been doing nails for years and I'm still scrambling",
      "Marketing is too expensive and I don't know if it even works",
      "I don't have time to figure out SEO",
      "Every other salon on Abercorn seems to be packed and I'm not",
      "I know the city is growing, I just can't seem to tap into it",
      "I need a steady stream of clients, not just busy Fridays"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Quietly frustrated and slightly defeated — she knows she is good at what she does, can see Savannah's growth around her, and cannot understand why her appointment book is not filling the way it should be."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword 'how to fill appointment book nail salon Savannah' appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs early in the post. Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff. Secondary cluster keywords should appear once each, organically.",
    "primary_keyword": "how to fill appointment book nail salon Savannah — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "fill nail salon appointments Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon bookings Savannah Georgia",
      "get fully booked nail salon Savannah",
      "nail salon appointment slots Savannah",
      "book out nail salon Savannah",
      "nail salon client flow Savannah Georgia",
      "how to get more clients nail salon Savannah"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail salon slow days Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon visibility Savannah",
      "nail salon marketing tips Savannah",
      "get more nail bookings Savannah",
      "nail salon clients Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon Google presence Savannah",
      "nail salon editorial feature Savannah",
      "nail business growth Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon local SEO Savannah",
      "nail salon client acquisition Savannah",
      "nail salon tourist clients Savannah",
      "nail salon seasonal demand Savannah",
      "salon owner marketing Savannah",
      "nail salon online presence Savannah"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "nail salon Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon Historic District Savannah",
      "nail salon Abercorn Street Savannah",
      "nail salon Pooler Georgia",
      "nail salon Southside Savannah",
      "Savannah Georgia beauty business marketing",
      "Chatham County nail salon growth",
      "Savannah salon owner get more clients"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do I fill my appointment book at my Savannah nail salon?",
      "Why is my nail salon slow on weekdays in Savannah?",
      "How do I get more nail clients in Savannah Georgia?",
      "Why aren't new clients finding my Savannah nail salon?",
      "How do I attract tourist clients to my nail salon in Savannah?",
      "What marketing actually works for a nail salon in Savannah?",
      "How do I get my nail salon to show up on Google in Savannah?",
      "Why is Instagram not bringing new clients to my Savannah salon?",
      "What is the best way to grow a nail salon in Savannah Georgia?",
      "How can I stop having slow days at my nail salon?",
      "Is editorial content worth it for a nail salon owner in Savannah?",
      "How do small nail salons in Savannah compete with bigger salons?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "fill my books",
      "dead days",
      "slow week",
      "empty chairs",
      "midweek slump",
      "no-shows killing me",
      "living off my regulars",
      "can't crack the tourist market",
      "invisible online",
      "burning money on ads"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each stat so the Savannah salon owner understands exactly why this number matters to her business right now. Source each stat clearly — do not present as Mirelle claims. Keep stat introductions punchy, not academic.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "Savannah drew 12.9 million visitors in 2024 — a record — with visitor spending reaching $4.1 billion, up 4.5% year on year",
      "source": "Visit Savannah / Hotel Dive, February 2026 — confirmed at the Savannah City Council meeting celebrating Visit Savannah's 50th anniversary",
      "context": "Savannah is one of the fastest-growing tourism markets in the American South. For a nail salon owner, this is not just a civic statistic — it is a pipeline of potential clients walking past your door every week of the year, most of whom have no idea you exist because they cannot find you online."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "76% of people who search for a local business on their smartphone visit that business within 24 hours — and 80% of consumers search for local businesses online at least once a week",
      "source": "Google local search data, cited across BrightLocal and multiple local SEO research reports, 2024-2025",
      "context": "When a tourist or new Savannah resident searches 'nail salon near me' or 'nail salon Savannah' on their phone, the salon that shows up in the top results gets the visit. The one that does not show up does not exist to that potential client. Online visibility is not a bonus — it is the mechanism through which new clients find your business."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, with a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 9.7% — yet many salon owners report fewer new clients and longer gaps between bookings",
      "source": "Kentley Insights 2025 Nail Salons Industry Market Research Report; broader slowdown trends confirmed by NBCNews.com (April 2025) industry reporting",
      "context": "The market is growing but the growth is not reaching every salon equally. The salons capturing the growth share are visible online, ranking on Google, and showing up where clients search. The ones struggling are those relying on word of mouth and Instagram alone — strategies that worked in 2017 but are no longer sufficient in a more competitive, more digitally-driven local market."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from Savannah salon owners. Answer each one directly, honestly, and without hedging. Do not oversell. A salon owner who has been burned by marketing spend before needs to feel her scepticism is understood and respected before she will consider reaching out. Short, sharp answers outperform long explanations here.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I've tried marketing before and wasted money. Why would this be any different?",
        "answer": "Most salon owners who have wasted money on marketing spent it on Facebook ads or Yelp promotions before they had any Google visibility — which is backwards. Ads push people who were not looking for you. Editorial content and directory placement put you in front of people who are already searching for a nail salon in Savannah right now. Those are very different problems with very different solutions."
      },
      {
        "question": "I don't have time to manage another platform or create more content. Is this going to be another thing I have to maintain?",
        "answer": "No. Mirelle creates and publishes the content. You do not write anything, manage anything, or post anything. The editorial post goes live, sits on Google, and does its work passively — while you focus on clients. That is the point."
      },
      {
        "question": "Will this actually bring in clients from Savannah, or is this just internet traffic that goes nowhere?",
        "answer": "The posts are built around the exact phrases Savannah clients and tourists type when searching for a nail salon. When someone searches 'nail salon Savannah' or 'nail appointments Savannah' and your salon appears in editorial content ranking on page one, that is a local, high-intent search — someone actively looking to book. That is a fundamentally different audience than a Facebook ad."
      },
      {
        "question": "I already have a Google Business Profile. Isn't that enough?",
        "answer": "A Google Business Profile gets you into Google Maps results for people who already know what they are looking for. Editorial content ranked on Google Search captures people earlier in the process — tourists planning a visit to Savannah, new residents looking for a regular salon, people comparing options. Both matter. Only one of them Mirelle can build for you."
      },
      {
        "question": "My salon is not in the Historic District — does this work for salons in Southside or Pooler too?",
        "answer": "Yes. The content is built around Savannah as a whole, not just the tourist area. Savannah's growth — from the Hyundai plant workers, the convention centre expansion, the steady residential influx — is spreading across the metro. Clients are searching for nail salons across the city, not just in the Historic District."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a specific post component. You may add H3s under any H2 for sub-points. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s. Every heading must feel like a direct answer to a real question the Savannah salon owner typed into Google or said out loud to another salon owner. No generic labels. No magazine fluff.",
    "h1": "How to Fill Your Appointment Book at Your Savannah Nail Salon — Even on Slow Days",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Your Nail Salon Looks Full on Fridays. The Rest of the Week Is Killing Your Revenue.",
      "H2 2 — Savannah Has Nearly 13 Million Visitors a Year. Almost None of Them Are Finding Your Salon.",
      "H2 3 — What Actually Fills an Appointment Book in Savannah: It Is Not More Instagram Posts",
      "H2 4 — What Mirelle Inspo Does for Your Savannah Nail Salon",
      "H2 5 — The Numbers Behind Why Savannah Salon Owners Cannot Rely on Word of Mouth Alone",
      "H2 6 — Real Questions From Salon Owners Who Have Heard This Before"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the midweek slow day problem immediately. Primary keyword drops here naturally.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — escalates the pain by showing the specific Savannah opportunity being missed. Second primary keyword drop here.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirelle editorially as the answer. Explains why editorial content and local search visibility outperform social media for filling an appointment book.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets, service-specific. What the Savannah salon owner actually receives from Mirelle, not how the platform works technically.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — three real market stats with context. Savannah tourism, local search behaviour, nail industry growth. Builds trust before the ask.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — five real objections answered directly. Sceptical salon owner voice throughout.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button — contact@mirelleinspo.com. One line of direct copy before the button. No conclusion. No recap. Post ends here."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All three links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, as a natural next step the reader would want to take, not as a standalone CTA or interruption. Each link should feel like the writer is pointing to something useful, not promoting a product.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Salon Directory — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 3 (Solution Bridge) — when introducing what Mirelle does, reference the directory post as the first step toward visibility. Natural editorial bridge: 'A Savannah nail salon directory listing is one entry point — it puts your business in front of owners and clients searching for salons in the city.'",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "best-nail-salon-savannah-feature",
        "title": "Best Nail Salon in Savannah Georgia — Feature",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 4 (What We Offer) — as one of the bulleted services Mirelle provides, reference the feature post: 'A best nail salon feature that positions your business from a growth angle — not just another consumer review list.' This shows range of services without overselling.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Tech Get More Clients — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place as a natural footnote or in-text mention within H2 6 (FAQ) — if a salon owner mentions she also rents chairs or employs techs who want their own clients, reference this post: 'If your techs are looking to build their own client base in Savannah, this post covers that specifically.'",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirelle tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. What follows is the client-type nuance for a Savannah salon owner. Apply on top of the fixed framework. Write like a sharp industry insider who has sat in the salon, understands the slow Tuesday, and knows exactly why the standard marketing advice does not work here.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely. Always Mirelle with accent — never Mirellé with grave accent.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. She runs a real business in a real city with real overhead and real stress about filling her chairs. Acknowledge the specific Savannah context — tourism economy, growing competition, the promise of a city that is booming but not reliably delivering new clients to her booking system. Never talk down to her. Never imply she has not tried. She has tried. Help her understand why what she has tried has not worked and what a different approach looks like.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with grave accent — always Mirelle with e-acute: Mirellé — WAIT: use Mirelle with the correct accent as the brand uses it — check brand style before writing",
      "Promising specific rankings or guaranteed results",
      "Telling her she is doing something wrong — show her a better path instead",
      "Mentioning specific competitor salons by name"
    ]
  },

  "research_notes": {
    "savannah_market_context": {
      "tourism": "Savannah recorded a record 12.9 million visitors in 2024 per Visit Savannah / City Council data. Visitor spending hit $4.1 billion, up 4.5% year on year. The city has 7.2 million overnight visitors annually. Busiest months are April, May, and June — but tourism is spread fairly evenly year-round, giving a Savannah salon owner genuine 12-month opportunity if she is visible online.",
      "economic_growth": "The Hyundai Motor Group EV plant (the largest economic development project in Georgia history at $12.6 billion) is located just outside Savannah proper, bringing a significant influx of workers and their families. The expanded Savannah Convention Center (a $276 million investment) is driving corporate travel year-round. This is not just a tourist city — it is a growing metro with new residents who need a nail salon.",
      "competition_context": "New nail salons are registering in Savannah consistently (Savannah City Government new business listings confirm multiple nail salon registrations in 2024 and 2025). The market is not saturated but it is growing more competitive. Salon owners who established on word of mouth 5+ years ago are now feeling the squeeze as newer salons with stronger online presence capture new-client searches."
    },
    "industry_slowdown_context": "Multiple US industry sources (NBCNews April 2025, FinancialContent May 2025) confirm nail and beauty salon owners across the US are experiencing slower new client acquisition in 2024-2025. The causes are economic uncertainty, longer gaps between visits, and reliance on outdated marketing methods. The solution consistently identified: editorial visibility and local search presence, not more ad spend.",
    "local_search_behaviour": "76% of local searchers visit a business within 24 hours of finding it online (Google data, confirmed across multiple 2024-2025 SEO research reports). 80% of consumers search for local businesses online weekly. Businesses with complete, well-optimised online editorial presence receive dramatically more engagement. For a Savannah salon owner, this means the gap between showing up in local search and not showing up is the gap between a full appointment book and empty chairs."
  }
}
