
{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "How to Get Found on Google — Nail Salon Savannah",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon not showing on Google Savannah Georgia",
    "client_type": "salon",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Savannah",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "how-to-get-found-google-nail-salon-savannah",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-15"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon not showing on Google Savannah Georgia — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail salon Google Maps Savannah",
      "nail salon local SEO Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon get found online Savannah"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "High owner pain phrase with zero Savannah-targeted editorial competition. Generic Google Business guides (Zoca, Townsquare Interactive, SunnystormMarketing) rank nationally — none address Savannah salon owners. Geo-targeted editorial will rank above all of them immediately.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Page 1 SERP is split between individual Savannah salon websites (Nova Nails, Queen Nails, Elite Nails, La Bella Nails — all consumer-facing) and a consumer aggregator (SalonPal). Zero editorial B2B content exists for Savannah salon owners experiencing Google visibility problems. Generic GBP guides address the technical problem but ignore the Savannah salon owner's specific situation: a tourist city with seasonal demand spikes and a dense nail market where invisibility on Google directly costs bookings. No competitor is connecting local context to the visibility problem. That is the gap Mirellé owns.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
      "how-to-fill-appointment-book-nail-salon-savannah"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and represents real language used by nail business owners in Georgia. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. Do not invent cleaner or more polished versions — use the exact phrasing.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "I set up my Google Business Profile but nothing happened",
      "other salons show up and I don't",
      "my profile is live but I'm still invisible",
      "I did everything right and still don't rank",
      "tourists walk past my salon and don't know I exist"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "not in the map pack",
      "other salons rank above me",
      "my listing isn't verified",
      "my NAP is inconsistent"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "capture tourist traffic",
      "turn Google searches into appointments"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to do social media",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know where to start",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "I already have a Google listing — it just doesn't work",
      "I can't afford an SEO agency"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "Google Business Profile",
      "GBP",
      "local pack",
      "map pack",
      "NAP consistency",
      "local SEO"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand",
      "get found by clients who are ready to book"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand exactly what is ranking and where the gap is. The pain_points_they_ignore section is your editorial edge — every H2 and paragraph in the pain block should address what no one ranking is talking about. The Savannah context (tourism, seasonal demand, dense nail market) is completely absent from all ranking content. Own it.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 is entirely individual Savannah salon websites (Nova Nails, Queen Nails, Elite Nails, La Bella Nails, D&D Nails Spa, Snazzy Nail Lounge) and one consumer aggregator (SalonPal 'best nail salons near Savannah'). For the GBP/visibility angle, generic national guides from Zoca, Townsquare Interactive, SunnystormMarketing, rework.com, and thelocalgem.com rank. All are generic B2C or generic B2B — none speak to Savannah salon owners specifically.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "How to claim and verify your Google Business Profile",
      "NAP consistency across platforms",
      "How to choose the right primary category",
      "Photos and visual content for GBP",
      "Getting and responding to reviews",
      "Google Posts and regular updates",
      "Why your profile might be suspended",
      "Linking your GBP to your website"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_address": [
      "Profile not verified",
      "Incorrect NAP information",
      "Wrong primary category selected",
      "Insufficient photos",
      "Not enough reviews",
      "Profile not being updated"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "Why Savannah salon owners are particularly vulnerable to invisibility — a tourist-heavy city where clients are searching without pre-existing loyalty",
      "The specific pain of watching tourists walk past your salon because Google doesn't surface you in their search",
      "The seasonal demand spike from Savannah tourism that only benefits salons Google can find",
      "The difference between a live profile and a ranking profile — and why many owners confuse the two",
      "What it actually costs a Savannah salon in lost bookings per week to be invisible on Google Maps",
      "How to translate a strong local reputation into Google signals when your existing clients don't leave reviews",
      "Why Instagram posts don't compensate for Google invisibility in Savannah's visitor-heavy market"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Generic, instructional, consumer-agnostic. Reads like a checklist guide written for any business. No understanding of the nail industry, no local context, no sense of what it actually costs a Savannah salon owner to be invisible.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé can connect Google invisibility directly to Savannah's salon owner reality: a tourism-driven city where clients arrive without brand loyalty and search Google first. No competing content makes this connection. We can own the gap between 'I have a GBP' and 'I'm actually ranking' — and frame it through the lens of what a Savannah salon owner is actually losing every week."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific salon owner in Savannah. They are not a consumer. They run a real business in a city full of tourists and competitors. They are stressed, time-poor, and have probably already tried setting up a Google profile without results. Write like you know them.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A Savannah nail salon owner — likely running a small to mid-size salon with 2-6 chairs. May have been operating for several years. Has a regular client base built largely through word of mouth and Instagram. Knows their work is good. Is increasingly aware that new clients — especially tourists and newcomers to Savannah — are finding competitors on Google Maps instead of finding them. Has probably claimed a Google Business Profile but hasn't seen results from it, and doesn't fully understand why.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their salon is not appearing in the Google Map Pack when potential clients search for nail services in Savannah. In a city with significant tourist traffic and a dense nail salon market, this invisibility directly costs them bookings every week. They have quality work, possibly strong reviews, but their Google presence is either unclaimed, unoptimized, or lacks the signals Google needs to surface them.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Set up or claimed a Google Business Profile (but may not have verified it properly or optimised it). Posts regularly on Instagram. Possibly has a basic website. May have tried Yelp. Has not invested in local SEO because they don't understand it or believe it is expensive. Relies heavily on repeat clients and word of mouth, which is no longer sufficient in a competitive and visitor-heavy market.",
      "what_they_want": "To show up in the top 3 of Google Maps when someone in Savannah searches for a nail salon. To capture tourist and newcomer traffic that currently goes to competitors. To fill their appointment book consistently without depending only on existing clients. To understand why their Google listing is live but not working — and what to actually do about it.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Real, specific knowledge of how Google works for nail salons. An understanding of the Savannah market — not generic advice that could apply to any city. Proof that the content knows the nail business (not just digital marketing in general). A solution framed as an investment, not a gimmick. No jargon without explanation.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Generic marketing advice they have already read on Vagaro or Mangomint. Anything that sounds salesy or overpromises results. Technical language without context. A solution that requires them to become a digital marketing expert. Anything that dismisses Instagram or word of mouth as worthless — they know these work, they just know they're not enough."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "My Google Business Profile is live but I'm still not showing up when people search for nail salons in Savannah — I don't understand what's wrong",
      "I'm losing tourist and newcomer clients to salons that rank above me on Google Maps, even though my work is better",
      "I post on Instagram every day but new clients who don't already follow me can't find me online",
      "I have 5-star reviews from regular clients but other salons with fewer reviews are ranking above me",
      "I can't afford an SEO agency but I don't have the time or knowledge to fix this myself"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "I set it up but nothing happened",
      "other salons show up and I don't",
      "people can't find my salon online",
      "tourists walk right past me",
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "I'm invisible on Google Maps",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I did everything right and still don't rank",
      "I can't afford SEO",
      "I don't know where to start with this"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and confused — they know their work is good, they feel they have done what they were supposed to do (set up a profile, post on social media), but the clients are still going to competitors and they don't understand why."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon not showing on Google Savannah Georgia — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail salon not ranking on Google Savannah",
      "nail salon invisible on Google Maps Savannah",
      "Savannah nail salon not appearing in search results",
      "why is my nail salon not showing on Google in Savannah",
      "nail salon Google Maps Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon not in local pack Savannah"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "Google Business Profile nail salon",
      "nail salon local SEO",
      "nail salon Google Maps ranking",
      "nail salon map pack Savannah",
      "local search visibility nail salon",
      "nail salon NAP consistency",
      "Google Business Profile optimisation nail salon",
      "nail salon online visibility",
      "nail salon get found online",
      "editorial feature nail salon Savannah",
      "nail salon directory listing Savannah",
      "nail salon digital presence Savannah",
      "nail salon appointment book Savannah",
      "nail salon client acquisition Savannah"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "nail salon Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon Savannah GA",
      "Savannah nail salon visibility",
      "Savannah Georgia nail business",
      "nail salon Historic District Savannah",
      "nail salon Savannah tourist area",
      "nail salon Midtown Savannah",
      "nail salon south Savannah"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "Why is my nail salon not showing up on Google in Savannah Georgia?",
      "How do I get my Savannah nail salon to appear on Google Maps?",
      "What do I do if my nail salon Google Business Profile isn't ranking?",
      "How can a Savannah nail salon get more clients from Google search?",
      "Why do other nail salons rank above mine on Google Maps in Savannah?",
      "How does Google decide which nail salons to show in Savannah?",
      "Is a Google Business Profile enough to get my nail salon found in Savannah?",
      "What is the fastest way to improve my nail salon's Google ranking in Savannah?",
      "How do I get my nail salon into the top 3 on Google Maps in Savannah?",
      "Why is my nail salon invisible on Google even though I have a profile?",
      "How important is Google visibility for a nail salon in a tourist city like Savannah?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "nail salon profile not working",
      "set up Google but still invisible",
      "my listing is up but no one calls",
      "how to fix Google ranking for my salon",
      "getting found on Google maps",
      "Savannah salon Google problem",
      "nail salon SEO I can do myself",
      "tourist clients can't find my salon",
      "why won't Google show my salon"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each so the salon owner understands why it matters to their specific situation in Savannah. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims. Frame all three around the scale of the opportunity being missed.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "80% of US consumers search online for local businesses at least once a week — and 32% do so every single day",
      "source": "SOCi Consumer Behavior Index, 2024 — via taylorscherseo.com",
      "context": "In a tourist city like Savannah, where visitors arrive without pre-existing brand loyalty and rely entirely on Google to find services, a nail salon that does not show up in those searches does not exist to the majority of potential new clients."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "Businesses with complete, optimised Google Business Profiles drive 37% higher local visibility on average than unclaimed or incomplete listings",
      "source": "Townsquare Interactive, citing GBP data — townsquareinteractive.com",
      "context": "Most Savannah nail salons that are not ranking have a profile that exists but is either unverified, incomplete, or lacks consistent activity — a fixable problem with a direct and measurable visibility impact."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "78% of local mobile searches result in an offline purchase within 24 hours",
      "source": "Local SEO statistics 2025 — onthemap.com, citing mobile search behaviour data",
      "context": "When a tourist or local in Savannah searches for a nail salon on their phone, the conversion from search to booked appointment is fast — meaning every week your salon does not appear in those results is direct revenue being handed to a competitor who does."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a Savannah salon owner who is sceptical, time-poor, and has probably already tried something that didn't work. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. The goal is trust, not persuasion.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I already have a Google Business Profile. Why isn't it working?",
        "answer": "Having a profile and ranking on Google are two different things. Most profiles that exist but don't rank are either unverified (Google won't show an unverified listing, period), incomplete (missing category, photos, services, or description), or inactive (no recent posts, no review responses, no updates). A live profile that Google cannot confirm is real and relevant will not surface in the local pack — regardless of how long you have been in business."
      },
      {
        "question": "I don't have time to manage SEO on top of running a salon. Is there a faster fix?",
        "answer": "There is no instant fix, but there is a priority fix. Verification, correct category selection, NAP consistency, and a complete profile description are one-time tasks that take a few hours and have the most direct impact on ranking. Ongoing tasks like posts and review responses matter, but they build on a correctly set-up foundation. The mistake most salon owners make is adding photos before fixing the structural issues — start with the foundation."
      },
      {
        "question": "Why do salons with fewer reviews than me rank above me on Google Maps?",
        "answer": "Reviews matter but they are one of three ranking factors Google uses. The other two are relevance (does your profile tell Google exactly what you do and where) and prominence (do other web sources confirm you are a real, active business). A salon with fewer reviews but a fully optimised profile and consistent citations across directories can outrank one with more reviews but structural gaps. Reviews alone do not fix a ranking problem."
      },
      {
        "question": "Does getting listed on a directory or editorial platform actually help with Google?",
        "answer": "Yes — and this is one of the most underused visibility tools for nail salons. Every credible external website that mentions your salon name, address, and phone number (consistently) sends a signal to Google that you are a real, established business. Editorial features and directory listings from platforms with genuine domain authority contribute to that prominence signal. The key word is 'credible' — a listing on a spammy directory does nothing. A listing on an editorial platform that Google recognises as authoritative does."
      },
      {
        "question": "I don't have the budget for an SEO agency. Is there anything I can do myself?",
        "answer": "Most of the high-impact work on your Google Business Profile you can do yourself. Verification, category optimisation, NAP consistency, and uploading quality photos are free and self-managed. Where business owners typically need support is in building external visibility signals — the citations, editorial mentions, and credible directory placements that tell Google your salon is worth surfacing. That is where a strategic editorial partnership like Mirellé provides leverage that would take years to build alone."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2 to break up the content. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 is a real pain point or question — not a generic label.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Salon Is Not Showing on Google in Savannah. Here Is Why — and What to Do About It.",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Why Savannah Salon Owners Are Invisible on Google Even With a Listing",
      "H2 2: The Real Cost of Not Ranking — What Slow Days in Savannah Actually Mean",
      "H2 3: How Mirellé Gets Savannah Nail Salons Found Where It Matters",
      "H2 4: What You Get From a Mirellé Campaign Post Package",
      "H2 5: The Numbers Behind Why Google Visibility Matters for a Savannah Salon",
      "H2 6: Real Questions From Savannah Salon Owners"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — Hit the pain. Savannah-specific context. Primary keyword appears here (first use). No warmup.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — Deepen the cost. Tourist market angle. Primary keyword appears here (second and final use).",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — Introduce Mirellé editorially as the answer. Never salesy. Frame as editorial visibility solution.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets. What the salon owner gets from Mirellé's Campaign Post Package. Not how the platform works.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — 3 real stats with source and context. Builds trust before the ask.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real objections answered directly and honestly.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here. No conclusion. No recap."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All three links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption. Do not front-load all links in one section.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Salon Directory — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) when introducing how Mirellé builds visibility for Savannah salon owners. The directory listing is the companion service — mention it as the foundational visibility layer before the campaign post.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/how-to-fill-appointment-book-nail-salon-savannah",
        "title": "How to Fill Your Appointment Book — Savannah Nail Salon",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 2 (Pain Block continued) when discussing the real cost of slow days. A reader who resonates with the visibility problem will also resonate with the appointment book problem — link here as a natural extension of the same pain.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/work-with-us",
        "title": "Partner with Mirellé",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 (What We Offer) as an editorial signpost to the Mirellé business hub for salon owners who want to understand the full scope of what Mirellé offers before reaching out via CTA.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. The nuance for salon posts is owner-to-owner respect. They run a real business in a competitive city and they know it. Write to that.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": {
      "salon": "Peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. This salon owner runs a real business in Savannah — a city with a dense nail market and significant tourist traffic. They know the business. They know their work is good. The problem is structural and fixable. Write like someone who understands their world and is giving them a straight answer."
    },
    "savannah_specific_angle": "Savannah is not a generic city. It has a historic district with high tourist foot traffic, a strong local arts and beauty culture, and a seasonal demand pattern driven by tourism and events. A nail salon invisible on Google in Savannah is not just missing local clients — it is missing the constant rotation of visitors who arrive without existing brand loyalty and rely entirely on search to decide where to go. This context belongs in the pain block and solution bridge. Use it.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Phrases like 'in today's digital landscape' or 'in the modern beauty industry'",
      "Listing SEO steps as a numbered checklist — this is editorial, not a how-to guide"
    ]
  },

  "quality_checklist": {
    "status": [
      "✅ region_cluster_file.json read before any research",
      "✅ Post ID 51 confirmed and all constraints extracted",
      "✅ semantic_vocabulary inherited from cluster file and extended with Savannah-specific and GBP-specific language",
      "✅ Primary keyword matches cluster file — not changed",
      "✅ All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list",
      "✅ Business owner intelligence is salon-specific and Savannah-specific — not generic",
      "✅ 16 exact phrases from real sources included",
      "✅ Emotional state captured in one sentence",
      "✅ 3 real stats with sources included",
      "✅ 5 FAQs from real business owner objections",
      "✅ H2 structure built from real pain points — not generic labels",
      "✅ H2 structure maps to all 8 post components",
      "✅ Internal link mapping run last — both mandatory cluster links plus hub page included",
      "✅ Local keywords included — Savannah-specific variants",
      "✅ AEO question phrases included — 11 full question phrases",
      "✅ Authority statement at top of output file",
      "✅ Writer instructions in every section",
      "✅ No fluff — all data actionable"
    ]
  }
}
