{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Product Listing & Affiliate Feature for Established Nail Brands — US Professional Market",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand product feature nail professional platform USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_type": "Established National Brand",
    "service": "Product Listing / Affiliate Post",
    "country": "USA",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "established-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-28"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "National — USA",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand product feature nail professional platform USA — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "established nail brand affiliate editorial USA",
      "nail brand product visibility nail techs USA",
      "nail brand feature nail professional audience",
      "nail brand professional product placement USA"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "No search results cover this B2B product feature angle for established brands. Beyond Polish and SalonCentric list products but without editorial depth or B2B positioning. Mirellé is fully differentiated.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "All affiliate and product listing content for nail brands is consumer-blogger facing. BixGrow, UpPromote, Refersion — every affiliate directory targets beauty influencers, not nail brands seeking B2B editorial placement to reach professional buyers. The established brand product feature angle targeting nail professionals via editorial is completely unoccupied.",
    "links_to": ["established-nail-brand-directory-usa", "established-nail-brand-ad-placement-usa"],
    "receives_links_from": ["growing-nail-brand-product-listing-usa", "established-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa"],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary represents real language used by nail brand marketing decision-makers and nail professionals in the US market. Use throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks about their business problem.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "our products are not getting discovered by the right professionals",
      "we have great product but no visibility in the professional channel",
      "nail techs are not finding us — they are defaulting to OPI and CND",
      "our Instagram reach does not translate to professional adoption",
      "we are stuck in the consumer channel and can not break into pro",
      "salon owners don't know our brand exists",
      "we are getting no traction with nail professionals despite strong retail performance",
      "how do established brands maintain professional market share when new brands keep entering"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "professional channel visibility",
      "pro-market product discovery",
      "editorial product placement",
      "B2B brand exposure",
      "reaching the professional buyer",
      "nail tech product adoption",
      "salon stocking decisions",
      "professional market presence"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "getting nail techs to stock and use our products",
      "converting nail professionals to brand advocates",
      "building professional loyalty at scale",
      "driving wholesale and direct adoption among professionals",
      "being the brand nail techs recommend to clients",
      "owning the professional recommendation layer"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "we already advertise in NAILS Magazine",
      "we have a trade show presence — why do we need editorial",
      "our distributor handles brand exposure",
      "our sales reps cover the professional market",
      "is this just another directory listing",
      "how is this different from a sponsored post on Instagram",
      "we don't know if this audience is really professional buyers"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "professional channel",
      "pro market",
      "nail tech adoption",
      "salon stocking",
      "distributor network",
      "educator programme",
      "brand ambassador",
      "trade editorial",
      "B2B product placement",
      "affiliate editorial",
      "nail professional audience",
      "SalonCentric",
      "professional-only distribution"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "trusted by nail professionals",
      "formulated for professional performance",
      "the choice of top nail artists",
      "professional-grade results",
      "used in the best salons",
      "built for the professional market"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what is ranking and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is the competitive advantage — the post must own every question competitors are not answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search returns retail supply directories (Beyond Polish, SalonCentric, Universal Nail Supplies), consumer affiliate blog lists (BixGrow, UpPromote, Refersion), and brand e-commerce sites (Kiara Sky, Mia Secret, GelBottle). Zero editorial B2B content addresses established nail brands seeking product placement on a platform that reaches nail professionals as a purchasing audience.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Top nail brands used by professionals",
      "How to choose gel polish for your salon",
      "Best nail supplies for nail techs",
      "Nail brand affiliate programmes overview",
      "Nail polish commission rates comparison",
      "Where nail techs buy their products"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_address": [
      "What products nail techs use",
      "Where to buy professional nail supplies",
      "Consumer affiliate commission rates for nail brands"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How established nail brands get product features in front of professional buyers editorially",
      "How brands break through the noise when nail techs default to OPI/CND/Gelish by habit",
      "Why trade show and distributor presence alone is no longer sufficient for professional market visibility",
      "How nail brand marketing teams justify B2B editorial investment vs consumer advertising spend",
      "What a product listing on an editorial nail B2B platform actually delivers vs a listing on a supply directory",
      "How brands with great products maintain professional discovery in a fragmenting media landscape"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Retail-transactional or consumer-blogger affiliate. None of the ranking content addresses the brand marketing decision-maker at an established nail brand. Language is either product-focused for consumers or commission-rate focused for bloggers.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial platform writing specifically for nail brand marketing decision-makers about B2B product placement with a professional audience. The post should position the product listing not as a directory entry but as an editorial feature that puts the brand's product in front of the exact professional buyer who influences salon stocking and client recommendations. No current content answers this."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific person in this specific situation. They are a marketing director, brand manager, or founder at an established nail brand. They are not a consumer. They are data-driven, accountable for ROI, and have heard every pitch before. Write like you understand the pressure they are under.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Marketing director, VP of Marketing, or brand founder at an established US nail brand — think the equivalent of the OPI, CND, Gelish, Kiara Sky, or Mia Secret tier but potentially a brand that has not yet reached that dominance. They have a real marketing budget, a distributor or sales rep network, and existing trade show presence. They are sophisticated buyers of media. They run or oversee campaigns across SalonCentric, NAILS Magazine ads, educator programmes, and social. They are accountable for professional market penetration metrics.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their products exist in the professional market but visibility in the nail tech discovery layer is fragmenting. Trade shows reach a narrow audience. NAILS Magazine ads are expensive and difficult to attribute. Their Instagram and TikTok reach consumers more than nail professionals in buying mode. Distributors stock them but do not actively promote them. The result: nail techs default to the brands they already know or were trained on, and breaking through that inertia without an editorial presence that ranks where nail professionals actually search is harder than ever.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "NAILS Magazine print and digital advertising, trade show investment (Premiere, Cosmoprof), educator and ambassador programmes, SalonCentric shelf placement, social media advertising, influencer partnerships (which reach consumers not professionals), their own brand website — which ranks for their brand name but not for professional discovery queries.",
      "what_they_want": "A permanent, searchable editorial product feature that puts their product in front of nail professionals already searching for solutions in this category — not a one-off ad that disappears after the campaign cycle ends. They want to own a piece of the professional discovery journey that their competitors have not claimed yet.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Market data showing real search demand and audience quality. Evidence that the platform audience is genuinely professional buyers, not consumers. Clear distinction between editorial placement and advertising. Proof that the content will rank and persist. A platform that understands nail industry language at a brand level — not a generic beauty directory.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague audience claims ('our readers love nails!'). Consumer-focused metrics (monthly visitors without professional buyer qualification). Platforms that blur brand and consumer audiences. Anything that feels like paid-for-content that reads as advertising rather than editorial. Lack of SEO transparency."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Nail techs and salon owners default to the brands they trained on — breaking through professional habit at scale requires editorial presence, not just ads",
      "Trade show and distributor coverage reaches a narrow window of professionals — the majority of the professional market makes product decisions by searching, not by attending shows",
      "Consumer social media advertising is reaching the wrong audience — Instagram and TikTok algorithms serve consumers not professional buyers in stocking mode",
      "NAILS Magazine advertising is expensive, difficult to attribute, and disappears at campaign end — it does not build persistent search visibility for the brand",
      "Affiliate and product listing directories that exist serve consumer bloggers, not professional editorial placement — the B2B product feature tier does not exist anywhere else in the US nail market"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "we have great product but the pro market doesn't know us",
      "nail techs are not discovering us organically",
      "our distributor has us on the shelf but is not actively selling us",
      "we are spending on trade shows but the ROI is hard to justify",
      "our Instagram reach is mostly consumers not buyers",
      "how do we own more of the professional discovery journey",
      "we need editorial credibility not just advertising",
      "we want to be the brand nail techs recommend by name",
      "our brand is not showing up where professionals search",
      "how do we get nail techs to actually use and stock our products",
      "we need B2B placement that reaches the professional audience not the end consumer",
      "trade press is not working the way it used to",
      "our educator programme reaches a fraction of the market",
      "we are invisible to the nail tech who is searching for a new product line right now",
      "how do established brands cut through when new brands enter at trade shows every season"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Measured frustration — they know the professional market opportunity is real, they have the product quality to compete, but they are watching professional discovery slip away from channels they can control and towards search and editorial they have not yet claimed."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand product feature nail professional platform USA — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "established nail brand affiliate editorial USA",
      "nail brand product visibility nail techs USA",
      "nail brand feature nail professional audience",
      "nail brand professional product placement USA",
      "nail brand product listing nail professional market",
      "nail brand B2B product editorial USA",
      "nail brand reach professional buyers USA editorial"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "professional channel visibility",
      "pro market product discovery",
      "B2B editorial product placement",
      "nail tech product adoption",
      "salon stocking decision",
      "professional buyer editorial",
      "nail trade editorial feature",
      "brand-to-professional outreach",
      "nail professional purchasing audience",
      "editorial affiliate placement",
      "nail brand trade presence",
      "B2B nail brand marketing USA",
      "professional market penetration nail brand",
      "nail brand distributor visibility"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "how does an established nail brand get its products featured on a professional platform USA",
      "what is the difference between a nail brand directory listing and a product listing feature",
      "how do nail brands reach nail technicians who are looking for new products",
      "does editorial product placement work better than advertising for nail brands",
      "how do established nail brands build professional market visibility beyond trade shows",
      "what platforms do nail technicians use to discover new nail brands",
      "how does a nail brand affiliate feature on an editorial platform work",
      "how do nail brands break into professional adoption when techs default to existing brands",
      "what is the best way for an established nail brand to reach salon owners in the USA",
      "how do nail brands maintain professional market share against new entrants"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "pro market",
      "nail tech adoption",
      "professional buyer",
      "trade editorial",
      "salon stocking",
      "brand exposure in the pro channel",
      "nail professional discovery",
      "editorial placement vs advertising",
      "professional recommendation layer",
      "nail brand B2B"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context per stat so the brand decision-maker understands why this number matters to them specifically. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon market generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at 7.8% annually over the past three years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights, 2025 Nail Salons US Market Research Report — kentleyinsights.com",
      "context": "This is the market your products serve — and it is still expanding at pace, which means nail professionals are actively evaluating and adopting new product lines to service this growing demand."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "There are more than 125,000 nail technicians in the United States, with over 24,000 nail salons nationwide",
      "source": "Bureau of Labour Statistics / MarketsandData US Nail Care Market Report — marketsandata.com",
      "context": "That is 125,000 professional buyers who make daily product stocking decisions — and the majority of them discover new brands through search and editorial, not trade shows or distributor push."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The global nail care products market was valued at $23.6 billion in 2024 and is forecast to reach $38.9 billion by 2034 at a CAGR of 5.2%",
      "source": "Grand View Research / GM Insights Nail Care Products Market Report 2025 — gminsights.com",
      "context": "A decade of compounding growth means the window for established brands to own the professional discovery layer is now — before new entrants claim it first."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a brand marketing decision-maker at an established nail brand. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand manager who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "We already advertise in NAILS Magazine. Why do we need editorial product placement as well?",
        "answer": "NAILS Magazine advertising is print and digital advertising — it reaches an audience at a fixed point in time and disappears when the campaign cycle ends. An editorial product listing on Mirellé is a permanent, SEO-indexed page that continues to rank for professional search queries long after it is published. They serve different stages of the professional discovery journey and are not substitutes for each other."
      },
      {
        "question": "Our distributor already handles professional market coverage. Isn't this duplication?",
        "answer": "Distributor coverage handles the transaction layer — getting your product onto shelves. It does not handle the discovery layer — getting nail professionals to search for, find, and choose your product before they ever reach a distributor. Editorial product placement operates upstream of distribution. Both are necessary."
      },
      {
        "question": "How is this different from a consumer affiliate listing or a blog product feature?",
        "answer": "It is different in audience and intent. Consumer affiliate platforms serve beauty bloggers whose audiences are end consumers. Mirellé's product listing and affiliate feature is positioned in a B2B editorial cluster targeting nail professionals in the USA who are searching for product information in a professional buying context. The keyword architecture, content framing, and internal linking are all built for the professional market."
      },
      {
        "question": "How do we know the Mirellé audience is actually professional buyers and not consumers?",
        "answer": "The B2B cluster on Mirellé is specifically built for nail brand owners, salon owners, nail technicians, and nail industry decision-makers — not consumers. The keyword targeting, content tone, and search intent signals for every post in the cluster are professional, not consumer-facing. The post you are reading right now is one example: a consumer would not be searching 'nail brand product feature nail professional platform USA'."
      },
      {
        "question": "We have tried product placement before and it didn't move the needle. What is different here?",
        "answer": "Most product placements fail because they are one-off features with no search architecture behind them. They go live, generate a brief spike, and then become invisible. Mirellé product listings are built into an interconnected editorial cluster with deliberate internal linking, keyword optimisation, and ongoing topical authority — meaning they continue to surface in professional searches over time rather than fading after publication."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 is a real query or pain point — never a generic label.",
    "h1": "Your Product Exists. US Nail Professionals Cannot Find It. Here Is What Changes That.",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Why Established Nail Brands Are Invisible in the Professional Discovery Layer Despite Being in the Market",
      "H2 2 — Trade Shows, Distributors, and Magazine Ads Are Not Covering the Search Your Professional Buyer Makes at 10pm",
      "H2 3 — What a Nail Brand Product Feature on an Editorial Platform Actually Does",
      "H2 4 — What Your Brand Gets from a Mirellé Product Listing and Affiliate Feature",
      "H2 5 — The US Professional Market Your Brand Needs to Own Right Now",
      "H2 6 — What Established Nail Brand Marketing Teams Actually Ask Before Committing"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — established brand invisibility in professional search despite market presence",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — the gap between existing brand marketing channels and professional discovery search",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer to the professional discovery problem",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets of what the brand gets from a Mirellé product listing",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — market scale data, professional buyer numbers, growth trajectory",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — real objections from brand marketing decision-makers answered honestly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — post ends here, no conclusion"
    }
  },

  "what_we_offer_bullets": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these 4 bullets under H2 4. Write in second person. These are what the brand gets — not what Mirellé does internally. Keep editorial, not salesy.",
    "bullets": [
      "A permanent editorial product feature page published on Mirellé and optimised to rank for the professional search queries your brand currently does not appear in",
      "Affiliate revenue on professional purchases driven by your listing — a performance layer built into the placement, not a standalone content cost",
      "Placement within Mirellé's established US nail brand editorial cluster — your product contextualised within a body of B2B content that is already building topical authority with nail professionals",
      "Internal links from related established brand posts within the cluster — so your product listing receives ongoing referral traffic from the broader professional audience already finding Mirellé"
    ]
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "established-nail-brand-directory-usa",
        "title": "Directory Listing for Established Nail Brands — Premium Placement with US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place under H2 3 (Solution Bridge) — after introducing the product listing feature, offer the directory listing as the foundation layer for brands that want full professional market coverage, not just product placement",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "established-nail-brand-ad-placement-usa",
        "title": "On-Site Ad Placement for Established Nail Brands — Advertise to US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place under H2 4 (What We Offer) — after presenting the product listing bullets, reference ad placement as the next tier for brands that want active visibility beyond the organic product listing feature",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "The Mirellé Business Hub",
        "placement_note": "Place under H2 5 (Stats / Credibility Block) — after the market data section, reference the hub as the full resource for nail brand visibility options on Mirellé",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed. Apply the brand client-type nuance on top.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely. Mirellé always spelled with é.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Industry-level authority. This is a brand marketing decision-maker — VP, Marketing Director, or Founder. They respond to evidence, market data, and trade positioning language. They do not respond to emotional appeals or vague platform promises. Write as a nail industry trade authority who understands the professional channel, distributor dynamics, and editorial vs advertising distinction. Peer-level respect. Never patronise. Never oversell.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer beauty language",
      "Vague audience claims without qualification"
    ]
  },

  "quality_checklist": {
    "pre_write_confirmation": [
      "Cluster file read before research — confirmed",
      "Post 11 confirmed and all constraints extracted — confirmed",
      "Primary keyword matches cluster file — confirmed: 'nail brand product feature nail professional platform USA'",
      "All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list — confirmed",
      "Business owner intelligence is brand-type specific (Established National Brand) — confirmed",
      "15 exact phrases from real sources included — confirmed",
      "Emotional state captured — confirmed",
      "3 real stats with named sources included — confirmed",
      "5 FAQs from real brand marketing objections — confirmed",
      "H2 structure built from real pain points — confirmed",
      "H2 structure maps to all 8 post components — confirmed",
      "Internal link mapping run last — confirmed",
      "All 3 mandatory cluster links included — confirmed",
      "AEO question phrases included — confirmed",
      "Authority statement at top of output file — confirmed",
      "Writer instructions in every section — confirmed",
      "No consumer nail language anywhere in file — confirmed"
    ]
  }
}
