{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Nail Salon Visibility — Decatur Atlanta",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon visibility Decatur Atlanta",
    "client_type": "salon",
    "service": "Directory Listing",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Atlanta",
    "area_borough": "Decatur",
    "post_slug": "nail-salon-visibility-decatur-atlanta",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-13"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon visibility Decatur Atlanta — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail salon marketing Decatur Atlanta",
      "get more nail salon clients Decatur",
      "nail salon directory Decatur Atlanta",
      "nail salon get found Google Decatur"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Yelp is the only result on page 1 for Decatur; editorial B2B content is completely absent. Strong salon scene in Decatur with zero B2B editorial to compete against.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Strong local salon density confirmed — multiple independent salons (LT Nails, Miss Nail Salon, 5th Nail Lounge, Lavish Nails and Lash, Polished Nail Spa, One 13 Luxury Nails) all competing for the same Decatur client base. Yelp, Fresha, Vagaro, and Yellow Pages dominate. Zero B2B editorial exists for Decatur nail business owners. Nextdoor data confirms residents are actively searching and 'trying 4 places' before settling — high client mobility, high search intent, zero editorial guidance.",
    "links_to": [
      "how-to-get-more-nail-clients-midtown-atlanta",
      "nail-salon-google-business-profile-atlanta"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "how-to-get-more-nail-clients-midtown-atlanta",
      "nail-salon-directory-buckhead-atlanta"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was built from real Georgia nail business owner language. Apply it throughout — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. The Decatur owner is community-rooted, independent-minded, and has likely tried word of mouth and Instagram. They speak plainly. Write in their register.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "clients are trying four or five salons before they settle",
      "I'm not the one they're finding first",
      "I can't compete with Yelp listings that have 300 reviews",
      "I do good work but the chairs are still empty mid-week"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "buried under Yelp and directories",
      "Yelp ranks before my own website"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "get found by Decatur residents searching right now",
      "be the salon they find first"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to do social media",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know where to start",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "I've tried everything and nothing sticks",
      "directory listings just put me next to 30 competitors"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "chair rental",
      "standing clients",
      "appointment book"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand exactly what is ranking and where the gap is. The Decatur SERP is pure consumer real estate — Yelp, directories, individual salon sites. No one is speaking to the owner. That is Mirellé's lane. Write to the owner who has been buried by Yelp for years and has never had editorial coverage.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 for 'nail salon visibility Decatur Atlanta' returns Yelp, Fresha, Yellow Pages, Vagaro, and individual salon websites (5th Nail Lounge, Lavish Nails and Lash, Millennium Nails, Allure Nail Bar Druid Hills). Nextdoor community threads where residents ask for recommendations also surface. Every single result serves the consumer searching for a salon — none serve the owner who needs to be found. Zero B2B editorial exists for this market.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Social media tips for salons",
      "How to get Google reviews",
      "Instagram for nail salons",
      "Local SEO basics",
      "Referral programmes",
      "How to set up Google Business Profile",
      "Yelp listing optimisation"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "Why a Decatur salon specifically struggles to stand out when Yelp occupies the entire first page",
      "Why Decatur's independent salon scene makes it harder — not easier — to get noticed without editorial presence",
      "What it actually means to be 'visible' in a community where residents are actively searching but trialling multiple salons before settling",
      "Why a directory listing puts you next to competitors rather than above them",
      "How editorial content creates a different kind of authority than a Yelp listing or Instagram profile",
      "The specific visibility gap facing Decatur owners who do quality work but have no press presence"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "What currently ranks is either consumer-facing (Yelp, Fresha) or generic technical guides (how to set up Google Business Profile). Nothing speaks to a Decatur nail salon owner in their own language about their specific market situation. The gap is total.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial voice that will speak directly to a Decatur nail salon owner about why being buried under Yelp is a business problem — and what a directory listing on an editorial platform does differently. No current content occupies this space. First mover wins this ranking outright."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your creative brief. The Decatur salon owner is community-embedded — they know their regulars, they know their neighbourhood, and they believe good work should speak for itself. The painful truth they are beginning to face is that Decatur clients are actively searching Google and trying multiple salons before they settle — and this owner is not the one they find first. Write to that specific frustration without being condescending.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "An independent nail salon owner in Decatur — typically owner-operated, 1-5 techs, quality-focused, community-rooted. They may have been in business anywhere from 2 to 20 years. Decatur's salon market is dense and local — names like LT Nails (33 years), Miss Nail Salon (24 years), Polished Nail Spa, and One 13 Luxury Nails are all competing for the same community client base. This owner knows their regulars but struggles to capture the newcomers, the movers, and the Decatur resident who is still searching for 'their' salon.",
      "their_core_problem": "They are invisible to anyone who does not already know them. Nextdoor data confirms Decatur residents are actively seeking nail salons and trialling multiple spots before settling — but this owner is not appearing in those searches. Their name does not come up when someone new to the area searches for a Decatur nail salon. Yelp and Fresha dominate and they are one name in a long list.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Word of mouth (works but plateaus in a community where residents move and change preferences). Instagram (gets engagement from existing clients, not new ones). Possibly a Yelp listing or Fresha profile (buried among competitors). No editorial or press coverage. Google Business Profile exists but is not generating new traffic.",
      "what_they_want": "To be the salon that Decatur residents find when they search. To stop losing new clients to whoever happens to rank higher on Yelp. To have some form of editorial presence that positions them above a listing — something that says 'this salon is worth your time' before the client even visits.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity about Decatur — not generic advice. Acknowledgment that Yelp and directories are the competition they cannot out-rank on their own. Real data. A platform that is editorially credible, not just another booking tool. A solution that does not require them to become a full-time marketer.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Anything that feels like another directory where they sit next to 30 competitors. Generic marketing advice. Platforms that promise everything. High upfront cost with unclear ROI. Anything that sounds like it was written for a salon in a different city."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Decatur residents are searching for nail salons online right now — and trialling multiple salons before they settle — but this owner is not the one they find first",
      "Yelp and Fresha dominate the Decatur nail search results and there is no practical way for an independent salon to out-rank them without editorial presence",
      "Word of mouth has a ceiling — Decatur's community is large, mobile, and growing, and referrals alone cannot reach the newcomer who just moved to the 30030 or 30033 zip code",
      "Instagram builds loyalty among existing clients but does not reach the person who does not already follow the account and is actively searching Google for a Decatur salon",
      "A Yelp listing puts them next to competitors — it does not position them as the clear choice — and there is no editorial content anywhere that elevates one Decatur salon above the rest"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I can't compete with Yelp",
      "directories just put me next to everyone else",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "people try four places before they find their salon",
      "I'm not the one they find first",
      "I do good work but the chairs are still empty mid-week",
      "I don't know how to get found online without spending a fortune",
      "word of mouth only goes so far in a neighbourhood this size",
      "I have no idea how to get found online"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Quietly resigned but not ready to give up — they have been running their salon long enough to know that good work alone is not enough to fill chairs in a competitive market, but they have not yet found a marketing approach that feels right for their business or their budget."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon visibility Decatur Atlanta — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail salon get found Decatur Atlanta",
      "Decatur Atlanta nail salon online visibility",
      "nail salon Decatur Atlanta marketing",
      "increase nail salon visibility Decatur",
      "nail salon search results Decatur Georgia",
      "nail salon found online Decatur",
      "nail salon directory Decatur Atlanta"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail salon marketing Atlanta Georgia",
      "nail salon Google presence Decatur",
      "nail salon editorial listing",
      "nail business visibility Atlanta",
      "nail salon bookings Decatur",
      "nail salon appointment book Decatur",
      "nail salon client growth Decatur Atlanta",
      "nail salon online presence Georgia",
      "nail salon directory listing Atlanta",
      "independent nail salon Decatur Georgia",
      "nail salon local search Decatur",
      "nail business growth Decatur"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "nail salon Decatur GA",
      "nail salon 30030",
      "nail salon 30033",
      "nail salon 30032",
      "nail salon North Decatur Atlanta",
      "nail salon East Decatur Georgia",
      "nail salon Druid Hills Atlanta",
      "nail salon Clairmont Decatur"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do I get my nail salon found on Google in Decatur Atlanta?",
      "Why is my Decatur nail salon not showing up in search results?",
      "How do I get more clients at my nail salon in Decatur Georgia?",
      "What is the best way to market a nail salon in Decatur Atlanta?",
      "How do I get my nail salon above Yelp in Decatur search results?",
      "What does a directory listing do for a nail salon in Decatur?",
      "How do I get new clients for my nail salon when I only have a Yelp page?",
      "Why do Decatur residents not find my nail salon when they search Google?",
      "Is editorial coverage worth it for a small nail salon in Decatur Atlanta?",
      "How do independent nail salons in Decatur compete with bigger directories?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "can't get found",
      "not showing up",
      "buried under Yelp",
      "empty chairs",
      "slow mid-week",
      "no new faces",
      "same clients every week",
      "trying to get discovered",
      "not the first result",
      "invisible online"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each. Source each stat clearly. Frame everything from the Decatur salon owner's perspective — local, specific, high stakes.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "People searched for nail salons 3,315 times in the last month within 15 miles of Decatur, Georgia",
      "source": "Yelp business listing data for The Nail Shop, Decatur GA (yelp.com) — verified May 2026",
      "context": "That is over 3,000 potential clients searching for a Decatur area nail salon in a single month. The question is not whether demand exists in Decatur — it does. The question is which salons those searches are finding, and which ones are invisible."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "62% of consumers will completely disregard a business they cannot find through organic search",
      "source": "Safari Digital, Google Business Profile Statistics, 2026 (safaridigital.com.au)",
      "context": "When a Decatur resident searches for a nail salon and your name does not appear, they do not dig deeper — they book with whoever shows up. Being absent from search is not a minor gap; it is a direct, recurring loss of clients who were ready to spend."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "78% of local mobile searches result in a visit or purchase within 24 hours",
      "source": "On The Map, Local SEO Statistics 2025 (onthemap.com)",
      "context": "The Decatur client searching 'nail salon near me' right now is not browsing — they are ready to book today. If your salon is not visible in those results, that appointment is already gone."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a Decatur independent salon owner. Answer directly and honestly. No spin. No oversell. The owner who feels understood is the one who reaches out.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I already have a Yelp page with good reviews. Why do I need a directory listing on Mirellé?",
        "answer": "A Yelp page puts you in a list alongside every other salon in Decatur — clients have to choose between you and 20 others. A Mirellé directory listing is a standalone editorial entry that targets the search 'nail salon visibility Decatur Atlanta' directly, with no competitors on the same page. It gives Google a reason to surface your salon for a specific business-owner search that Yelp is not designed to serve."
      },
      {
        "question": "Is this just another directory? I've tried directories and they don't bring clients.",
        "answer": "Most directories aggregate listings without editorial distinction — you are one pin on a map. Mirellé is an editorial platform built for the nail industry specifically. Each listing is a targeted, SEO-optimised page built to rank for a real search phrase — not to aggregate as many salons as possible. The distinction matters because Google treats editorial content differently to aggregator directories."
      },
      {
        "question": "My salon has been in Decatur for years and my regulars know me. Do I really need more visibility?",
        "answer": "Your regulars know you — yes. But Decatur is growing. Residents move in, work patterns change, and new clients actively search Google before asking a neighbour. Nextdoor data confirms Decatur residents are trialling multiple salons before they settle. If your name is not appearing in those searches, the growth happening in your own neighbourhood is going to someone else."
      },
      {
        "question": "How quickly will a directory listing actually rank?",
        "answer": "This keyword — 'nail salon visibility Decatur Atlanta' — has zero editorial B2B competition. No competitor has written a targeted post for this search phrase. That absence is exactly why Decatur was prioritised in this cluster. Editorial content in an uncontested local space can rank within weeks of indexing. The absence of competition is the advantage."
      },
      {
        "question": "What exactly does a Mirellé directory listing include?",
        "answer": "A Mirellé directory listing is a dedicated, SEO-optimised editorial page on mirelleinspo.com — written specifically for the search phrase your ideal new client is typing right now. It is not a form with your name and address. It is editorial content that positions your salon, targets your location, and ranks independently of consumer directories. Reach out to contact@mirelleinspo.com to find out what is available for your Decatur location."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading is a real question or pain statement the Decatur owner would recognise. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s without founder instruction.",
    "h1": "Nail Salon Visibility in Decatur Atlanta: Why Good Work Is Not Enough When Clients Cannot Find You",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Decatur Has Thousands of People Searching for a Nail Salon Every Month. Most of Them Will Never Find Yours.",
      "H2 2 — Why Independent Decatur Nail Salons Stay Invisible Even When the Work Is Good",
      "H2 3 — What Nail Salon Visibility in Decatur Atlanta Actually Looks Like When It Works",
      "H2 4 — What a Mirellé Directory Listing Does for Your Decatur Salon",
      "H2 5 — The Numbers Behind the Visibility Gap Decatur Salon Owners Are Living With",
      "H2 6 — Real Questions From Decatur Salon Owners Before They Reach Out"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — opens with the demand reality. 3,315 local searches last month. Clients are searching — and not finding this owner. Primary keyword appears naturally here.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — digs into why visibility fails in Decatur specifically: Yelp dominance, directory aggregation, word-of-mouth ceiling, Instagram's reach limits. Primary keyword appears a second time here.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially. What editorial visibility does that Yelp and directories cannot. Never salesy.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets on what the directory listing delivers specifically. Benefits not features.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — three real stats with context. Builds trust before the CTA.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real objections answered honestly.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here. No conclusion. No recap."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "Both links below are mandatory. Place editorially — they must feel like a natural next step, not an interruption or a sales push.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "how-to-get-more-nail-clients-midtown-atlanta",
        "title": "How to Get More Nail Clients in Midtown Atlanta",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 2 (Pain Block continued) when noting that the visibility problem extends across the wider Atlanta metro — not just Decatur. Frame as context: the same issue facing Decatur owners is documented across Atlanta neighbourhoods. Anchor text: 'nail salon client growth in Midtown Atlanta'.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-salon-google-business-profile-atlanta",
        "title": "Nail Salon Google Business Profile — Atlanta",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) when noting that editorial visibility works alongside — not instead of — a Google Business Profile. Frame as a complementary resource for owners who want to address both channels. Anchor text: 'Google Business Profile guidance for Atlanta nail salons'.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. The Decatur salon owner is community-rooted and independent-minded. Apply the salon nuance below on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. The Decatur salon owner is proud of their work and their community roots — do not patronise that. Acknowledge the reality of competing in a market where Yelp owns the search results without being dramatic about it. They need a straight answer about what editorial visibility does, not a lecture on why they have been doing it wrong.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Phrases like 'in today's digital age'",
      "Phrases like 'as a small business owner, you know that...'",
      "Any consumer-facing language — this post is B2B only",
      "References to consumers finding a great nail salon — every line is written for the owner, not the client"
    ]
  }
}
