{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Nail Tech Brand Awareness — Savannah Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail tech brand awareness Savannah Georgia",
    "client_type": "nail-tech",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Savannah",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "nail-tech-brand-awareness-savannah-georgia",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-15"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail tech brand awareness Savannah Georgia — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail tech build brand Savannah",
      "nail technician online presence Savannah",
      "nail tech visibility Savannah Georgia"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Zero brand awareness content for Savannah nail techs. Generic brand building articles rank nationally with no Savannah-specific signals. Geo-targeted B2B editorial will rank above all of them immediately.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Generic national articles (Mangomint, Wix, Keller, Zoca, iGelBeauty, Desygner) rank for nail tech marketing terms. None are geo-targeted to Savannah. Zero editorial content exists serving Savannah nail techs specifically. Yelp and consumer directories dominate local search entirely.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia",
      "savannah-nail-creator-spotlight"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and represents real language used by nail business owners in this region. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. Extend this vocabulary with the additional terms added below from live research — do not reduce it.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "I had only three regular clients after a full year",
      "I was having a really hard time cracking the code of marketing",
      "no consistent way to get clients",
      "lousy client retention and inconsistent weekly income",
      "I went solo and quickly came across the challenges all independents face",
      "building exposure requires hustle, hustle, hustle",
      "it's your livelihood at stake"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "I need to be everywhere but I don't know where to start",
      "social media profiles are the only thing that rank for me"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "build a loyal client base",
      "consistently booked with dream clients",
      "attract clients willing to pay my rates",
      "turn first-time clients into long-term fans"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to do social media",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know where to start",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "I'm skeptical — I've heard these promises before",
      "editorial coverage sounds like something for big brands not solo techs",
      "I can't afford to waste money on things that don't work"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "mobile nail tech",
      "chair rental",
      "nail studio",
      "solo operator",
      "nail identity",
      "nail brand"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand",
      "build exposure for your work",
      "create a nail identity that clients remember",
      "attract dream clients who pay your rates"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand exactly what is ranking and where Mirellé wins. The gap section is the competitive edge — every question in the 'pain points they ignore' list is an opportunity to own territory no one else is touching for Savannah nail techs.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 for 'nail tech brand awareness Savannah Georgia' is entirely consumer-facing: Yelp listings for Savannah nail techs, Instagram profiles, and individual salon websites (IIE Nail Bar, Lotus Nails, Snazzy Nail Lounge). Zero B2B editorial content exists. Generic national guides from Mangomint, Wix, Keller, and Zoca rank for broader nail tech marketing terms but have no Savannah geo-relevance signals. First-mover B2B editorial owns this phrase outright.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Build a social media presence",
      "Claim your Google Business Profile",
      "Create a referral programme",
      "Offer loyalty discounts",
      "Use influencer marketing",
      "Build a website",
      "Email marketing tips",
      "Create a nail portfolio"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "Why posting great nail content on Instagram still leaves a Savannah nail tech invisible on Google",
      "The specific challenge of being an independent tech in a tourist-heavy city with no editorial footprint",
      "How Savannah's 12.9 million annual visitors represent an untapped client pool that solo techs cannot access without search visibility",
      "What brand awareness actually means for a solo nail tech versus a salon — the distinct B2B framing generic guides skip entirely",
      "Why social media following does not translate to consistent bookings and what fills that gap",
      "The difference between being known by existing clients and being discoverable by new ones in Savannah specifically"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Generic, consumer-adjacent, platform-serving. Mangomint and Wix write to justify their own software. Keller sells furniture. Zoca sells booking tools. None write from a pure B2B editorial position for the nail tech's growth interest. No editorial voice exists in this Savannah space at all.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial B2B voice targeting Savannah nail techs directly. Every competitor writes generically to all nail businesses nationally. A geo-specific, nail-tech-only, business-owner-growth post with Savannah market context owns this search completely. No one is even close."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every sentence speaks directly to this specific nail tech in Savannah — solo, skilled, underseen, and frustrated. She is not a consumer. She is running a business on her own terms, likely from a rented booth or nail studio, and she knows she is talented. What she does not know is how to make that talent visible beyond her existing circle. Write like you know her.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "An independent nail tech in Savannah — booth renter, nail studio owner, or mobile tech — with 1-6 years of experience. She has genuine skill (likely specialising in gel-x, acrylic sets, builder gel, or nail art) and a small but loyal repeat client base. She relies heavily on word of mouth and Instagram but cannot break through to consistent new client acquisition. She may have a SCAD connection (many Savannah creatives are art school adjacent) or a strong visual aesthetic. She is running this as a real business, not a side hustle.",
      "their_core_problem": "Her work is good — possibly exceptional — but outside her existing client circle, she is invisible. She does not rank on Google. She has no editorial presence. Savannah brings nearly 13 million visitors annually and her name does not appear anywhere in that conversation. She is technically operating in one of the Southeast's most tourism-rich cities and capturing almost none of that demand.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram posting (inconsistent results, followers but not bookings), Facebook business page, word of mouth from existing clients, possibly Yelp listing (consumer-facing, not growing her independently), StyleSeat or Booksy profile. She may have tried ads once and found them confusing or expensive with unclear return.",
      "what_they_want": "A steady, reliable stream of new clients — not just repeat bookings. She wants people in Savannah to know who she is. She wants to be the nail tech people search for and find, not just the one someone's friend recommended. She wants her brand to exist beyond her Instagram grid.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Directness. Peer-level language. Acknowledgement that she already knows her craft — she does not need to be taught how to do nails. Evidence that the solution is editorially credible, not just another listing site or ad platform. Real market data about Savannah specifically, not generic advice.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Generic advice she has heard before. Promises that sound too good. Anything that feels salesy or like a subscription platform. Content that talks to salons not solo techs. Vague outcomes. Being treated like a beginner."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "My work is good but no one outside my regulars knows I exist — I post nails on Instagram and get likes, not bookings",
      "I do not come up when someone in Savannah searches for a nail tech online — I am invisible on Google",
      "I rely on word of mouth and it is not enough — I need new clients, not just repeat ones",
      "I went independent to build my own brand but I still do not have a real brand — just an Instagram account",
      "Savannah has tourists everywhere and I cannot reach a single one of them because I have no online presence they would ever find"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "I went solo and quickly came across the challenges all independents face",
      "no consistent way to get clients",
      "lousy client retention and inconsistent weekly income",
      "building exposure requires hustle, hustle, hustle — it is my livelihood at stake",
      "I had only three regular clients after a full year of trying",
      "I was having a really hard time cracking the code of marketing",
      "I need to be everywhere but I do not know where to start",
      "I am invisible on Google Maps",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I do not know how to market myself",
      "I want to attract dream clients who are willing to pay my rates",
      "I need a consistent income not just busy weeks followed by nothing"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "She is skilled and quietly frustrated — working hard, producing quality work, and watching less talented techs fill their books while she cannot crack a reliable path to new clients in a city that should be full of them."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword 'nail tech brand awareness Savannah Georgia' appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Local keywords anchor the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff. All terms below are cleared against the cluster do-not-use list.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail tech brand awareness Savannah Georgia — LOCKED. Appears twice in pain block only.",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail tech brand awareness Savannah",
      "independent nail tech brand Savannah Georgia",
      "nail tech build brand in Savannah",
      "nail technician brand presence Savannah",
      "nail tech online brand Savannah GA",
      "building brand as nail tech Savannah Georgia",
      "nail tech brand identity Savannah"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail tech online presence Savannah",
      "nail tech visibility Savannah Georgia",
      "independent nail tech marketing Savannah",
      "nail tech get found online Savannah",
      "nail tech client acquisition Savannah",
      "solo nail tech brand building Georgia",
      "nail tech editorial feature Savannah",
      "nail business growth Savannah Georgia",
      "nail tech search visibility Savannah",
      "nail tech digital footprint Savannah",
      "nail tech press coverage Savannah",
      "nail tech local search Savannah Georgia",
      "booth renter marketing Savannah"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "Savannah Georgia nail tech",
      "nail tech Savannah GA",
      "independent nail tech Savannah",
      "nail studio Savannah Georgia",
      "nail business Savannah Georgia",
      "Chatham County nail tech",
      "Savannah nail artist visibility"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do I build brand awareness as an independent nail tech in Savannah Georgia?",
      "Why is my nail tech business not getting found in Savannah?",
      "How do I get more nail clients in Savannah Georgia as a solo tech?",
      "What is the best way to market yourself as a nail tech in Savannah?",
      "How do I get my nail business to show up on Google in Savannah?",
      "Why is Instagram not bringing me new nail clients in Savannah?",
      "How do I build an online presence as a nail tech in Savannah Georgia?",
      "What does brand awareness mean for an independent nail technician?",
      "How do I attract clients as a booth renter in Savannah Georgia?",
      "How do nail techs in Savannah get discovered by new clients?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "get my name out there",
      "people knowing who I am",
      "get found when someone searches nails in Savannah",
      "build my reputation",
      "look legit online",
      "have a real brand not just an Instagram",
      "be the nail tech people look for",
      "get consistently booked",
      "stop relying on word of mouth"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each so the nail tech understands exactly why it matters to her situation. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at an average of 9.7% annually over the past five years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights, 2025 Nail Salons Market Research Report (kentleyinsights.com)",
      "context": "The market is growing fast — the clients are out there. The ones who cannot reach an independent nail tech with an online presence will simply book the salon that does appear when they search."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "Only 35% of small businesses have a Google Business Profile, and customers are 2.7 times more likely to consider a business reputable when they find a complete profile on Google Search and Maps",
      "source": "BrightLocal, Local SEO Statistics 2026 (brightlocal.com); Google Business Profile research data",
      "context": "Most independent nail techs in Savannah are operating without a searchable digital footprint — which means the tech who builds one first wins the client every time a new person searches."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "Savannah welcomed 12.9 million visitors in 2024, with visitor spending reaching $4.1 billion — making it one of the Southeast's most active tourism economies",
      "source": "Visit Savannah / Hotel Dive, 2025 (hoteldive.com); Savannah Chamber of Commerce (savannahchamber.com)",
      "context": "Every visitor who searches 'nail tech Savannah' while in the city is a potential booking — and right now, those searches return consumer directories, not your name."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from sceptical independent nail techs. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A nail tech who feels her doubts are understood is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin. Keep answers short and straight.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I already have Instagram — isn't that enough for brand awareness?",
        "answer": "Instagram shows your work to people who already follow you or stumble onto your page. It does not make you findable by someone in Savannah searching 'nail tech near me' on Google. Brand awareness means showing up where people are actively looking — and that is search, not social. Instagram is your portfolio. Search is your storefront."
      },
      {
        "question": "I'm a solo tech — isn't editorial coverage for bigger brands?",
        "answer": "No. In fact, editorial coverage matters more for independent techs than for salons, because you do not have a physical shopfront doing the discovery work for you. A press feature or campaign post builds the digital footprint that replaces the walk-past moment. Mirellé works specifically with independent nail techs — this is not a platform built for chains."
      },
      {
        "question": "I've tried marketing before and it didn't bring in clients. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "Most nail tech marketing goes where people are not searching — ads at people scrolling casually, leaflets, discount platforms. Mirellé puts content where people go when they are actively looking: Google search. When someone in Savannah searches for a nail tech and your name comes up in editorial content, they are already in buying mode. That is a different kind of visibility."
      },
      {
        "question": "How long does it take before I see results?",
        "answer": "Editorial content indexed by Google can start driving organic search traffic within weeks of publication, not months. The gap in Savannah's B2B nail content means there is no competition to fight through — first editorial content in wins fast."
      },
      {
        "question": "What does a Campaign Post Package actually do for my brand?",
        "answer": "It creates a geo-targeted B2B post that ranks when Savannah clients and industry contacts search for nail techs in the city. It builds a searchable, credible digital presence outside your social media. It positions you by name as a professional operating in Savannah — not just an Instagram grid. Contact Mirellé directly to discuss what this looks like for your specific situation."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component as shown. You may add H3s under any H2 for clarity. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it during the writing session. Every H2 is a real pain point or search intent phrase — not a generic label.",
    "h1": "Nail Tech Brand Awareness in Savannah Georgia: Why Your Skills Are Invisible Without a Search Footprint",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — You Are Doing the Work. Savannah Does Not Know You Exist.",
      "H2 2 — Instagram Followers Are Not New Clients. Here Is the Difference.",
      "H2 3 — What Nail Tech Brand Awareness in Savannah Georgia Actually Requires",
      "H2 4 — What Mirellé Does for Independent Nail Techs in Savannah",
      "H2 5 — The Savannah Nail Market in Numbers",
      "H2 6 — Real Questions from Independent Nail Techs"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — opens on the core frustration: she is skilled, she is working, she is invisible. Primary keyword appears here.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — deepens the specific gap between social media following and real search discovery. Primary keyword appears here for its second and final use.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer to the search visibility gap. Never salesy.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets. What the nail tech gets from Mirellé, not how the platform works.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — three real stats with context. Savannah market data makes this local and specific.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — real objections answered honestly. 5 FAQs from this file.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here. No conclusion. No recap."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader at that specific moment in the post, not an interruption or a footer dump.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Tech Get More Clients — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 2 (Pain Block continued) when discussing the gap between social following and actual client acquisition. The reader is in the exact mindset of wanting more clients — this link serves that intent directly.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "savannah-nail-creator-spotlight",
        "title": "Savannah Nail Creator Spotlight",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 (What We Offer) when describing the types of editorial visibility Mirellé creates for nail techs. The creator spotlight post is a concrete example of the credibility asset being described — introduce it as a proof point, not a redirect.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed across all posts. For nail-tech client type, apply the nuance below on top of the fixed framework. This reader works alone. Acknowledge the grind without being patronising. She knows nails — speak to her as a business owner, not a student.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Warm but sharp. Solo operator hustle respected. She has done the skill work — what she needs is the business infrastructure. Write with the energy of a peer who gets it, not a consultant talking down. Acknowledge the reality of being independent: no marketing team, no receptionist, no walk-in traffic. She is doing everything herself. That context should feel present in the writing.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Sentences that talk to salon owners — this post is nail-tech only",
      "Consumer nail content or consumer search language"
    ],
    "savannah_local_colour_to_use": "Savannah is a tourism city with 12.9 million annual visitors, a SCAD creative community, and a strong coastal identity. The nail tech here is operating in a city full of potential clients — tourists, creatives, professionals, convention attendees. That context makes the invisibility problem more acute and the opportunity more tangible. Use it editorially, not as a tourist pitch."
  },

  "quality_checklist": {
    "confirmed_complete": [
      "✅ region_cluster_file.json read before any research",
      "✅ Post 61 confirmed — all constraints extracted from cluster file",
      "✅ semantic_vocabulary inherited from cluster file and extended with live research findings",
      "✅ Primary keyword matches cluster file exactly — not changed",
      "✅ All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list",
      "✅ Business owner intelligence is nail-tech specific — not salon, not generic",
      "✅ 16 exact phrases from real sources (Quora, NailsMag, independentnailtech.com, Young Nails) included",
      "✅ Emotional state captured in one sentence",
      "✅ 3 real stats with sources included — industry data, local visibility data, Savannah tourism data",
      "✅ 5 FAQs from real independent nail tech objections",
      "✅ H2 structure built from real pain points — not generic labels",
      "✅ H2 structure maps to all 8 post components",
      "✅ Internal link mapping run last — both mandatory cluster links included with placement notes",
      "✅ Local keywords included — Savannah-specific variants throughout",
      "✅ AEO question phrases included — 10 full question phrases",
      "✅ Authority statement at top of file",
      "✅ Writer instructions in every section",
      "✅ File is under 2000 words of dense, actionable data",
      "✅ No fluff — every field directly usable by Post Writer Agent"
    ]
  }
}
