{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Savannah Nail Creator Spotlight",
    "primary_keyword": "nail artist Savannah Georgia brand collab",
    "client_type": "influencer",
    "service": "Creator Spotlight / Rising Nail Artist Feature",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Savannah",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "savannah-nail-creator-spotlight",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-13"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail artist Savannah Georgia brand collab — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail creator Savannah Georgia feature",
      "nail influencer Savannah Georgia",
      "rising nail artist Savannah",
      "nail artist portfolio press Savannah"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Completely open territory — only social profiles rank for Savannah nail artist searches. Zero editorial press features exist for Savannah nail creators seeking brand collaborations. First-mover advantage is total.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Yelp, Fresha, StyleSeat, and individual salon sites (IIE Nail Bar, Davi Nails, Emarie Boutique) dominate all Savannah nail searches. Every result is consumer-facing. Not one B2B editorial piece exists positioning a Savannah nail creator for brand partnerships, press coverage, or professional credibility. Savannah also has a living, active creative ecosystem (SCAD) that makes this city uniquely differentiated from standard Georgia markets — no editorial touches this angle.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia",
      "best-nail-salon-savannah-feature"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and represents real language used by nail business owners and creators in this region. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks. The influencer-specific layer (brand_collab_language, creator_pain_phrases) has been extended from Phase 2 research and should be woven throughout.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "I have no idea how to get found online"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "people can't find my work",
      "brands don't know I exist"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get seen by the right people"
    ],
    "brand_collab_language": [
      "get noticed by nail brands",
      "land my first brand deal",
      "get PR from nail brands",
      "how do brands find creators",
      "how to pitch to nail brands",
      "become a brand ambassador",
      "get free products from brands",
      "build a media kit",
      "brand partnership nail artist",
      "sponsored content nail creator",
      "UGC nail creator brand deal"
    ],
    "creator_pain_phrases": [
      "I post consistently but brands don't reach out",
      "I don't know if my following is big enough",
      "I have no media kit and don't know where to start",
      "no one told me getting brand deals was this much work",
      "I thought brands would find me but they don't",
      "I feel like I'm posting into the void",
      "my work is good but I have no professional presence",
      "I'm not in New York or LA so brands don't look at me",
      "I can't figure out how to get taken seriously",
      "I create content every week and earn nothing from it"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "my following is too small for brand deals",
      "I don't have a media kit",
      "brands want millions of followers",
      "this feels like it's just for big influencers",
      "I'm in Savannah, not a major beauty city",
      "editorial coverage is only for established creators",
      "I tried emailing brands and heard nothing back",
      "I don't know how to write a pitch",
      "I'm not tech savvy enough to do this"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "independent nail tech",
      "mobile nail tech",
      "UGC creator",
      "nano-influencer",
      "micro-influencer",
      "brand ambassador",
      "media kit",
      "press page",
      "creator spotlight"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand",
      "authentic content creators who know their craft",
      "local creators with real community trust"
    ],
    "savannah_specific_signals": [
      "SCAD graduate nail artist",
      "coastal Georgia aesthetic",
      "Savannah creative scene",
      "historic district beauty culture",
      "Southern coastal nail art",
      "tourism-driven beauty market",
      "Savannah art school creative community"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what is already ranking and exactly where Mirellé wins. This SERP is entirely consumer. Zero B2B exists. The gap is absolute — write to own it completely.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 for every variation of 'nail artist Savannah Georgia' is entirely consumer-facing: Yelp top-10 lists, Fresha booking pages, StyleSeat appointment finders, and individual salon websites (IIE Nail Bar, Emarie Boutique, Davi Nails, Glamour Nails). No editorial B2B content of any kind exists for Savannah nail creators. Social profiles (Instagram, TikTok) appear for creator-adjacent searches. The gap is total.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Book a nail appointment in Savannah",
      "Top nail salons in Savannah GA",
      "Best nail art near me Savannah",
      "Nail services and pricing"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_address": [
      "Consumer appointment booking",
      "Service menus",
      "Location and hours"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How a Savannah nail creator gets brand partnerships",
      "How to get editorial press coverage as a local creator",
      "Why your follower count is not the barrier you think it is",
      "What nail brands actually look for in a creator (it is not always big numbers)",
      "How Savannah's SCAD and coastal creative scene is a genuine differentiator",
      "How to build a professional online presence that brands find credible",
      "What a media kit is and why it matters even at small following sizes",
      "How to pitch to nail brands as a local creator outside major beauty cities"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "100% consumer-facing, service-directory content. Completely irrelevant to a nail creator seeking brand partnerships or professional press coverage. No competitor even knows this reader exists.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only platform in Georgia — and one of the very few anywhere — writing editorial B2B content specifically for nail creators who want brand partnerships. The Savannah angle is uniquely strong: the SCAD art school connection, coastal aesthetic, and tourism-driven beauty demand make Savannah creators distinct and commercially interesting to brands. Mirellé can position this truthfully and be the single editorial voice these creators find when they search."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific person in this specific situation. She is a working nail artist in Savannah — possibly with a SCAD background, possibly self-taught, likely active on Instagram or TikTok, genuinely skilled, and genuinely stuck. She wants brand recognition. She does not know how to get there. Write like you know her.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A nail artist based in Savannah, Georgia. Likely working independently or in a local salon (IIE Nail Bar, Emarie Boutique, Posh Nail Salon, or a private suite). Some may be SCAD graduates with a fine arts or sequential arts background who moved into nails. Others are self-taught or cosmetology-trained. She is active on Instagram, possibly TikTok. She posts consistently — two to five times per week — showcasing her work. Her aesthetic may be shaped by Savannah's coastal and historic character: earthy neutrals, Spanish moss-inspired palettes, intricate hand-painted designs. She is skilled. She is not being discovered by brands.",
      "their_core_problem": "She is invisible to the industry despite being good at what she does. She posts her work, gets engagement from followers and clients, but no brand has approached her. She does not know whether her following is large enough, whether she needs a media kit, how to pitch, or whether being in Savannah rather than New York or LA is actively working against her.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Posting consistently on Instagram and TikTok, tagging brands in posts, using relevant hashtags, applying through DMs. She may have emailed a brand contact once and heard nothing. She has not built a professional press page, does not have a media kit, and has no formal editorial presence. She has been operating on the assumption that if her content is good enough, brands will find her.",
      "what_they_want": "Her first brand partnership — product seeding, a paid collaboration, a brand ambassador role, or UGC creator deal with a nail brand (gel polish, BIAB, nail art tools, builder gel, press-on brands). She wants to be taken seriously as a professional creator, not just a nail tech with a social account. She wants evidence that being based in Savannah is not a disqualifier.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Editorial credibility — being featured or spotlighted on a real platform that other nail professionals respect. Real industry data about how brands actually choose creators (engagement over follower count). Proof that nano and micro-influencers in beauty are actively sought, not overlooked. Specific, actionable information rather than vague encouragement.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Generic influencer advice not specific to the nail industry. Promises of overnight success. Content that assumes she needs 100K followers. Anything that feels like it does not understand what nail creators actually do or what brands like Beetles, Makartt, Born Pretty, or CND are looking for."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "I post my work every week and brands still have not reached out — I do not understand what I am doing wrong",
      "I think my following is too small to get any real brand deal — all the big collabs seem to go to creators with 100K plus",
      "I have no media kit, no press page, no professional presence outside Instagram — I do not know how to fix that",
      "I am based in Savannah, not a major beauty city — I worry that automatically puts me at a disadvantage with brands",
      "I have tried tagging brands and even emailed a couple but got nothing back — I do not know how to pitch properly"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "brands don't reach out no matter how much I post",
      "I think my following isn't big enough",
      "I don't have a media kit",
      "I don't know how to pitch to brands",
      "nobody told me this would be so much work",
      "I feel like I'm posting into the void",
      "my work is good but I have no professional presence",
      "I'm not in a big beauty city",
      "I create content every week and earn nothing from it",
      "how do brands even find creators",
      "I tried emailing a brand and got no response",
      "I want to be taken seriously as a creator",
      "I want to work with real nail brands not just get free product",
      "I didn't know engagement matters more than followers",
      "I keep seeing other creators get PR and I don't know how they do it",
      "I have a SCAD background — is that something brands care about"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated, overlooked, and quietly doubting whether being in Savannah will ever let her compete with creators in New York or LA — despite producing work she knows is genuinely good."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff. The coastal and SCAD references are editorial colour — use them naturally, not as keyword drops.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail artist Savannah Georgia brand collab — LOCKED, appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail creator Savannah Georgia brand deal",
      "Savannah nail artist brand partnership",
      "nail influencer Savannah Georgia brands",
      "nail artist brand collab Savannah",
      "Savannah Georgia nail creator feature",
      "rising nail artist Savannah brand collaboration",
      "nail tech creator brand deal Savannah Georgia"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail brand ambassador",
      "media kit for nail artists",
      "brand collab nail tech",
      "UGC nail creator",
      "nano influencer nail brand",
      "micro influencer nail collab",
      "nail creator press page",
      "nail artist portfolio press",
      "nail brand partnership programme",
      "editorial nail feature",
      "creator spotlight nail industry",
      "nail artist brand visibility",
      "getting noticed by nail brands",
      "brand deals for small nail creators",
      "nail creator professional profile"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "Savannah Georgia nail creator",
      "nail artist Savannah Georgia",
      "Savannah nail influencer",
      "coastal Georgia nail artist",
      "SCAD nail artist Savannah",
      "Savannah beauty creator",
      "historic Savannah nail content"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "how does a nail artist in Savannah Georgia get brand collaborations",
      "do nail brands work with creators who have small followings",
      "what do nail brands look for in a creator partner",
      "how to get noticed by nail brands as a local creator",
      "does a nail creator need 10000 followers to get brand deals",
      "how to build a media kit as a nail artist",
      "what is a creator spotlight and how does it help with brand deals",
      "can a nail creator in a small city get brand partnerships",
      "how to pitch to nail brands as an independent creator",
      "is Savannah Georgia a good city for nail creators to work with brands"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "get PR from nail brands",
      "get free products as a nail tech",
      "brands reach out to me",
      "land my first brand deal",
      "nail brand ambassador programme",
      "nail creator with small following",
      "get seen by nail brands",
      "collab with nail brands",
      "how do nail techs get sponsored",
      "brand ambassador for gel brand"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one sentence of context around each so the Savannah nail creator understands why it matters to her specifically. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The global nail care market reached approximately $15.31 billion in 2023 and is projected to grow to $24.37 billion by 2032 at a CAGR of 5.3%, fuelled in significant part by influencer marketing and social media-driven demand.",
      "source": "Nail Care Market Report and Forecast 2024-2032 via GlobeNewswire / ResearchAndMarkets.com, March 2025",
      "context": "Nail brands are investing at scale in creator partnerships to drive this growth — which means there is real budget flowing toward creators like her right now, not just to mega-influencers."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "44% of brands now prefer to work with nano-influencers — creators with fewer than 10,000 followers — up from 39% the year prior. Nano-influencers achieve engagement rates of 2.5 to 7%, compared to approximately 1% for macro-influencers.",
      "source": "2025 Julius Influencer Marketing Report; Influencer Marketing Hub State of Influencer Marketing Benchmark Report 2024",
      "context": "The shift toward smaller, more engaged creators is documented and ongoing. A Savannah nail creator with a tight, loyal following is not too small — she may be exactly the profile nail brands are actively seeking."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "86% of US marketers plan to use influencer partnerships in 2025, and the global influencer marketing industry is expected to reach $32.55 billion this year. Beauty brands report returns of $4 to $6 for every $1 spent on influencer campaigns.",
      "source": "Free Yourself Beauty Influencer Marketing Statistics 2025; Ainfluencer American Nail Art Influencers Report 2025",
      "context": "This is not a moment where brands are pulling back on creator partnerships. It is a moment where they are scaling them — and local, niche-specific creators with authentic audiences in distinct markets like Savannah are part of that strategy."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from sceptical Savannah nail creators. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A creator who feels her doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "My following is small — do I actually have a chance of landing real brand deals?",
        "answer": "Yes, and the data is clear on this. Nail brands and beauty companies are actively moving toward nano and micro-influencers precisely because smaller accounts deliver better engagement and more authentic recommendations. A creator with 2,000 to 8,000 engaged followers in a defined niche regularly outperforms someone with 80,000 passive ones. Follower count is a factor — engagement rate, content quality, and niche clarity matter more."
      },
      {
        "question": "I'm based in Savannah, not New York or LA. Does my location actually matter to brands?",
        "answer": "For most nail brand partnerships — product seeding, UGC deals, ambassador programmes — location is not a disqualifier. Brands source creators from across the country, including smaller markets. What matters is whether your content is consistent and high quality. For geo-specific campaigns or regional editorial, being in Savannah is actually an advantage: you represent a distinct coastal Southern aesthetic that differs from generic big-city nail content."
      },
      {
        "question": "I don't have a media kit. Is that stopping me from getting brand deals?",
        "answer": "Not having a media kit means brands cannot quickly assess whether you are a fit — which means you get ignored, not necessarily rejected. A media kit does not need to be elaborate. At minimum it should include your follower counts across platforms, your average engagement rate, your niche and aesthetic, and examples of your best work. The Mirellé creator spotlight functions as a form of editorial press presence — something concrete a brand can point to when making the case internally to work with you."
      },
      {
        "question": "I've emailed brands before and heard nothing. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "Cold outreach without a professional press presence behind it rarely converts. When brands receive a pitch from an unknown creator with nothing to link to, the most likely outcome is silence. An editorial feature provides that link — a credible, third-party source that frames you as a professional worth engaging. It changes the conversation from 'who is this person?' to 'this creator has been featured — let's look at the work.'"
      },
      {
        "question": "Is this only useful if I already have a big online presence?",
        "answer": "The opposite is true. If you already have 100,000 followers, brands are already finding you. This is most useful at the earlier stage — when your work is strong but your professional profile has not caught up yet. A creator spotlight gives you something to point to, something to include in your pitch, and something that signals you are operating at a professional level even before the follower count reflects it."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 is either a real creator pain point, a real search query, or a direct answer to an objection — not a generic label.",
    "h1": "Savannah Nail Creator Spotlight: How Georgia's Rising Nail Artists Are Landing Brand Collaborations",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — You Are Posting Consistently and Brands Are Still Not Finding You",
      "H2 2 — Being Based in Savannah Is Not the Problem You Think It Is",
      "H2 3 — What Mirellé Does for Nail Creators in Georgia",
      "H2 4 — What You Get From a Savannah Creator Spotlight",
      "H2 5 — The Numbers Behind Why Brands Are Looking at Creators Like You Right Now",
      "H2 6 — Honest Answers to the Questions Every Savannah Nail Creator Has"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the core frustration: posting without brand recognition. Primary keyword appears naturally here.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — addresses the location objection directly. Second natural use of primary keyword if it fits here; if not, use in H2 1 twice.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer. Never salesy.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3 to 4 bullets. What they get from the Mirellé creator spotlight specifically.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — three stats with source and context each.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — five real objections answered honestly.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here. No conclusion, no recap."
    },
    "hook": "You post your sets. You tag the brands. You use the right hashtags. And still, no brand has reached out. The problem is not your work — it is that you have no professional presence for brands to land on."
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-tech-get-more-clients-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Tech Get More Clients — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 3 Solution Bridge or H2 4 What We Offer — when discussing visibility for Savannah nail professionals more broadly, link naturally to the nail tech client growth post as a related resource for those focused on booking clients as well as brand partnerships.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "best-nail-salon-savannah-feature",
        "title": "Best Nail Salon in Savannah Georgia — Feature",
        "placement_note": "Place within H2 4 What We Offer or H2 3 Solution Bridge — when positioning the creator spotlight within Mirellé's broader Savannah editorial ecosystem, link to the best salon feature as an example of the platform's B2B editorial work in the market.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. The nuance for this post is the influencer client type layer below. Apply on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": {
      "influencer": "Credibility-forward. This creator wants to be taken seriously as a professional — not complimented for her passion. Write to her ambition and her intelligence. She knows her work is good. She wants the industry infrastructure to reflect that. Do not patronise. Do not over-encourage. Speak to her as someone who is ready for professional recognition and just needs the right platform to signal that."
    },
    "savannah_specific_tone": "Acknowledge Savannah's genuine creative credentials without being twee. SCAD gives this market real art-world credibility. The coastal aesthetic is commercially distinct. These are facts, not flattery — state them plainly. Do not romanticise the city. Use it as evidence.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic influencer marketing advice not specific to nails",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Telling the creator she is talented or amazing — respect her enough not to need it",
      "Consumer nail content language (best nails in Savannah, top nail salon, near me)"
    ]
  },

  "local_context_notes": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are editorial colour notes for the post — use them naturally where they fit, not as mandatory keyword insertions. They make the post feel genuinely researched and Savannah-specific rather than templated.",
    "scad_angle": "Savannah College of Art and Design produces graduates in sequential art, fine arts, and business of beauty and fragrance. Several nail techs in Savannah have SCAD backgrounds (confirmed via IIE Nail Bar team page — Olivia Bevel, SCAD graduate with a sequential art degree, works there). This gives Savannah nail creators a genuine art education credential that is commercially distinct and worth naming.",
    "coastal_aesthetic": "Savannah's historic district, waterfront, and coastal Georgia landscape create a distinctive visual backdrop that differentiates content from inland Georgia or generic urban nail art. Brands looking for creators with a distinct, locationally unique aesthetic have reason to seek out Savannah creators.",
    "beauty_scene": "Savannah was named the country's new clean beauty capital by Vogue in 2020 (via Savannah Magazine). The city has an established local beauty and wellness business culture tied to SCAD and the broader creative community. This is not a throwaway beauty market.",
    "tourism": "Savannah's tourism peaks in spring and summer. Creator content tied to seasonal Savannah aesthetics (Spanish moss, coastal colours, historic district styling) has seasonal content value for brands beyond standard gel polish showcases."
  },

  "quality_checklist_pre_output": {
    "confirmed": [
      "✅ cluster_file read before research",
      "✅ Post 13 confirmed and all constraints extracted",
      "✅ semantic_vocabulary inherited from cluster file and extended with creator-specific layer",
      "✅ Primary keyword matches cluster file exactly — not changed",
      "✅ All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list",
      "✅ Business owner intelligence is influencer client-type specific — not generic",
      "✅ 16 exact phrases from real sources included",
      "✅ Emotional state captured in one sentence",
      "✅ 3 real stats with sources included",
      "✅ 5 FAQs from real creator objections",
      "✅ H2 structure built from real pain points — not generic labels",
      "✅ H2 structure maps to all 8 post components",
      "✅ Internal link mapping run last — both mandatory cluster links included with placement notes",
      "✅ Local keywords included for Savannah",
      "✅ AEO question phrases included",
      "✅ Authority statement at top of output file",
      "✅ Writer instructions in every section",
      "✅ No fluff — all data actionable",
      "✅ SCAD angle, coastal aesthetic, and Savannah beauty scene documented as editorial colour"
    ]
  }
}
