{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Market Localisation Post — Nail Brand Reaching Texas Nail Professionals",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand reach Texas nail professionals",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package — Market Localisation Post",
    "country": "USA",
    "region": "South",
    "state": "Texas",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "nail-brand-market-localisation-texas",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-31"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Texas — State Level",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand reach Texas nail professionals — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail brand Texas nail salon market",
      "nail brand target Texas nail techs",
      "nail brand Texas editorial",
      "nail brand localise Texas market"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Texas has 8,537 nail salons — second highest in the USA after California. 15,000 nail technicians employed statewide, the highest of any state. State-specific nail brand editorial is completely unoccupied. No brand has claimed this territory.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Zero state-level nail brand B2B editorial content exists for Texas. Search returns generic beauty directories, consumer salon listings, and marketing agencies targeting nail salons — none address the nail brand owner trying to penetrate the Texas professional market specifically.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-brand-market-localisation-new-york",
      "nail-brand-market-localisation-florida"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-brand-market-localisation-new-york",
      "growing-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was built from cluster research and real nail brand owner/professional language. Use it throughout — especially in pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks and thinks.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs in Texas don't know we exist",
      "we have a great product but can't break through",
      "trade shows cost a fortune and we get nothing back",
      "Instagram doesn't reach professionals the way we need",
      "salons won't stock a brand they haven't heard of",
      "we're invisible to the professional market in Texas",
      "we've tried everything and still can't get traction in this state",
      "it was very hard to build hype for your product",
      "to take it to market is a whole different ball game",
      "in reality, to launch a product pre-internet was millions of dollars to go into distribution"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "professional market exposure",
      "nail professional reach",
      "brand awareness among nail techs",
      "getting in front of salon buyers",
      "trade editorial placement",
      "B2B brand visibility",
      "nail industry profile",
      "professional recognition",
      "market penetration Texas"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "reach Texas nail professionals",
      "get brand in front of Texas salons",
      "nail brand awareness Texas market",
      "editorial feature for nail brands",
      "campaign post reach nail techs",
      "localise brand for Texas audience",
      "Texas nail tech market entry",
      "nail brand Texas distribution awareness"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "is editorial coverage actually worth it for a growing brand",
      "we don't know if Texas nail techs even use platforms like this",
      "how is this different from just posting on Instagram",
      "we've paid for placements before and saw nothing",
      "I need proof this reaches the actual buyers not just consumers",
      "our budget is tight — we can't afford something that doesn't convert",
      "do Texas nail professionals actually read editorial content"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail professional market",
      "nail tech",
      "salon owner",
      "professional-grade",
      "B2B nail editorial",
      "brand-to-professional pipeline",
      "nail industry trade content",
      "localisation campaign",
      "market entry editorial",
      "stockist awareness",
      "product trial and adoption"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "reaching the professionals who shape purchasing decisions",
      "the bridge between your brand and the nail professional",
      "editorial coverage that positions your brand as the professional choice",
      "trusted by the nail professionals who matter",
      "building professional brand equity state by state"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what currently ranks and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage — make sure the post owns every angle competitors are not addressing.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Searches for 'nail brand reach Texas nail professionals' return a mix of: consumer salon directories (Yelp, Google Maps), generic B2B data scrapers selling nail salon email lists (SmartScraper, ByteScraper), and a handful of Texas salon marketing agencies targeting salon owners — not brand owners. Zero editorial B2B content addresses this from the nail brand's side of the equation.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Texas nail salon market size",
      "How to market to nail salons",
      "Getting your brand stocked in salons",
      "Social media marketing for nail brands",
      "Trade show strategy for beauty brands",
      "Building distributor relationships",
      "Texas beauty industry overview"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "Why social media alone cannot reach Texas nail professionals at scale",
      "Why Texas nail techs only adopt brands they have seen in professional editorial context",
      "How a growing nail brand penetrates a specific state market without a national distribution budget",
      "What it costs vs what it converts when using trade shows vs editorial placement in Texas",
      "Why nail brand owners get lost between consumer marketing and professional-market positioning",
      "What Texas nail professionals actually read, trust, and act on when considering new brands"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Competitors either write for consumers or write generic B2B marketing advice with no nail industry specificity. Nothing currently ranking speaks to a nail brand founder or marketing decision-maker trying to crack the Texas professional market with a limited budget and no established Texas trade presence.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial nail platform that speaks directly to nail brand owners about how to reach nail professionals as a B2B audience in a specific state. The Texas-specific editorial campaign post angle — positioned as a localisation strategy, not generic advertising — is entirely unclaimed. This post can rank and convert with authority because nothing else addresses this exact brief."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph and word choice speaks directly to this specific business owner in this specific situation. They are a brand founder or marketing decision-maker — not a consumer. They are data-driven, sceptical of vague promises, and under pressure to show return on B2B marketing spend. Write like you know exactly what they are up against.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A founder, co-founder, or marketing lead at a growing or mid-size nail brand operating nationally. They have product-market fit in some regions or channels — possibly strong DTC or strong in California — but Texas has proven hard to crack. They have a budget for B2B marketing activity but are cautious after past spending on trade shows, influencer seeding, or distributor partnerships that produced little measurable uptake among Texas nail professionals.",
      "their_core_problem": "Texas is the second-largest nail professional market in the USA — 8,537 salons, 15,000 licensed techs — and their brand is essentially invisible to it. They know they need editorial presence and professional recognition in the state but have no clear, affordable route to achieve it without a full national distribution push or a NAILS Magazine ad spend they cannot yet justify.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram and TikTok targeting (reaches consumers, not professional buyers), national trade shows (expensive, inconsistent ROI, no Texas-specific follow-through), seeding product to Texas-based influencer nail techs (builds awareness with a handful of followers, not a market-wide signal), generic B2B email outreach to Texas salons (ignored or spam-filtered). Some have tried NAILS Magazine print ads — high cost, no state-level targeting.",
      "what_they_want": "Credible editorial presence specifically in the Texas nail professional market. Something a Texas nail tech or salon buyer would find organically, read, and act on. Something that positions the brand as professional-grade and already recognised in the Texas trade — not as an unknown trying to break in. They want market penetration that builds over time, not a one-shot campaign spend.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Real market data specific to Texas. Evidence that editorial placement reaches actual nail professionals, not consumers. Proof of organic search ranking. Transparency about what the placement looks like. Evidence of other nail brands having used this route. The tone of the platform — if Mirellé sounds like a serious trade editorial, not a consumer blog, they lean in.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague promises about reach without specifics. 'Thousands of readers' claims with no context. Anything that looks like a consumer blog doing brand advertorials. Being sold to too hard. Any suggestion the platform is primarily a consumer fashion site rather than a B2B nail trade editorial."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Texas is the second-largest nail professional market in the USA and their brand has no presence in it — the gap is a business problem, not just a marketing inconvenience",
      "They have product but no professional market signal in Texas — nail techs and salon buyers only trial brands that look like they belong in the professional space, and without editorial recognition this brand does not qualify",
      "Trade shows are priced for established brands — a growing brand cannot justify $15K-$30K in event spend per show to reach a Texas audience when the same capital could build permanent search-ranked editorial authority",
      "Instagram and social media reach consumers — the nail professionals in Texas who influence salon purchasing decisions are not discovering new brands through consumer-facing social content",
      "They are stuck between national marketing (too expensive to execute properly) and local tactics (not enough reach) — a state-level editorial campaign post is the precise solution that fills this gap but nobody has built it yet"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "we need to crack the Texas market",
      "nail techs in Texas don't know who we are",
      "trade shows cost a fortune and we can't justify it yet",
      "our Instagram works for DTC but not for reaching salons",
      "we need editorial credibility with professionals, not just consumer exposure",
      "how do we get Texas nail professionals to take us seriously",
      "we've been trying to get into the Texas market for two years",
      "salons won't stock a brand unless they've already heard of it",
      "we need something permanent, not just a one-off post",
      "to take it to market is a whole different ball game",
      "we can't rely on distribution to build awareness for us",
      "we need professional recognition before we can scale distribution in Texas",
      "there's no editorial platform that focuses on the brand side of this",
      "Instagram doesn't reach the buyers we need",
      "we have great product but no profile in Texas"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and impatient — they know Texas is a market they should be winning and they cannot understand why their product quality and national brand work is not translating into traction with Texas nail professionals."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. State-level keywords belong in pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand reach Texas nail professionals — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail brand Texas market reach",
      "reach nail professionals in Texas",
      "nail brand Texas professional market",
      "nail brand campaign Texas nail techs",
      "nail brand visibility Texas",
      "Texas nail brand editorial campaign",
      "nail brand marketing Texas salons"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail brand editorial placement",
      "B2B nail editorial USA",
      "nail brand professional market entry",
      "nail professional audience Texas",
      "nail brand localisation strategy",
      "nail brand state market campaign",
      "professional nail brand recognition",
      "nail brand trade editorial coverage",
      "nail tech brand adoption",
      "salon brand discovery Texas",
      "nail brand organic search visibility",
      "nail brand professional credibility",
      "nail brand marketing nail professionals"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "Texas nail salon market",
      "Houston nail professionals",
      "Dallas nail techs",
      "Austin nail salon owners",
      "San Antonio nail professional market",
      "Texas nail industry",
      "Texas nail tech audience",
      "nail brand Houston Dallas Austin reach"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "how does a nail brand reach nail professionals in Texas",
      "what is the best way to market a nail brand to Texas nail techs",
      "how do I get my nail brand in front of Texas salons",
      "why is Texas an important market for nail brands",
      "how to localise a nail brand campaign for Texas",
      "what kind of editorial coverage helps nail brands reach professionals",
      "how many nail salons are there in Texas",
      "what do Texas nail professionals read when discovering new brands",
      "how to get a nail brand stocked in Texas salons",
      "is editorial placement worth it for a nail brand entering a new state market"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "crack the Texas market",
      "get in front of Texas nail techs",
      "break through in Texas",
      "nail brand trade presence Texas",
      "editorial credibility for nail brands",
      "get Texas salons to notice us",
      "build brand awareness with Texas professionals",
      "nail brand market localisation"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block under H2 5. Write one direct sentence of context around each so the brand owner understands why it matters to them specifically. Attribute each stat clearly — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "Texas has 8,537 nail salons — the second-highest count of any US state — with 15,000 licensed nail technicians, the highest of any state in the country",
      "source": "ByteScraper B2B Database / wifitalents.com industry data report (2025)",
      "context": "For a growing nail brand, Texas represents a professional market second only to California in scale — and unlike California, it remains almost entirely unaddressed by nail brand B2B editorial content. The brand that establishes professional editorial presence in Texas first owns a significant market."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon industry generated $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at a 9.7% annual rate over the past five years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights — 2025 Nail Salons US Market Research Report",
      "context": "A growing market means growing professional purchasing decisions — Texas nail techs and salon owners are actively buying product, sourcing new brands, and expanding service menus right now. The brand that has professional editorial authority in Texas is the brand they are finding when they search."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "More than 85% of people use the internet to find local businesses, and visitors who arrive via organic search are 50% more likely to convert than those from paid sources",
      "source": "Townsquare Interactive, citing Google data",
      "context": "Texas nail professionals searching for new brands to stock or use are finding results via organic search — not social feeds. A state-specific editorial campaign post that ranks for Texas nail brand queries is a permanent discovery asset, not a spend-and-forget campaign."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a data-driven, sceptical brand marketing decision-maker. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand owner who feels their actual concern has been understood and addressed honestly is far more likely to reach out than one who reads a polished pitch.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "How is this different from buying a listing on NAILS Magazine or running an Instagram campaign?",
        "answer": "NAILS Magazine ad placements are priced for national brands with large ad budgets — they are not state-specific, they do not rank organically in search, and they disappear when the spend stops. Instagram reaches consumers. A Mirellé campaign post is an editorial page built specifically for the Texas nail professional market, optimised to rank in search for the exact queries Texas nail techs and salon buyers type when looking for new brands. It is permanent, not a campaign window."
      },
      {
        "question": "We don't have proof that Texas nail professionals actually read editorial content like this. How do we know they will find it?",
        "answer": "They find it through Google — not through editorial browsing. When a Texas nail tech searches 'nail brand Texas professional market' or 'how to get a new nail brand in my salon', an optimised editorial post ranks where a social profile or trade show listing cannot. That is the difference between passive awareness and active search intent being captured at the exact moment of decision."
      },
      {
        "question": "We have tried seeding product to Texas nail techs on Instagram and it hasn't converted. Why would editorial placement be any different?",
        "answer": "Influencer seeding builds consumer awareness, not professional buyer intent. A Texas nail tech who posts your product to their 20K followers is speaking to clients. An editorial post that positions your brand as a professional-grade product that belongs in the Texas market is speaking to buyers — the techs and salon owners who are actively looking for new brands to stock and use. Different audience, different intent, different outcome."
      },
      {
        "question": "Is this just a sponsored post dressed up as editorial? We've had bad experiences with that.",
        "answer": "Mirellé writes editorial content built around the business case for your brand in the Texas market — it is not a brand puff piece. The content is structured to rank in search and to be useful to the nail professional reading it. If it reads as a puff piece, it does not rank, and it does not convert. That is not in either party's interest."
      },
      {
        "question": "Our budget is tight. How do we justify this spend when we are still building Texas market presence from scratch?",
        "answer": "That is exactly when editorial placement earns its keep. Trade shows require travel, stand costs, and physical presence — and they stop the moment the show ends. A campaign post stays indexed, keeps ranking, and keeps sending Texas nail professionals toward your brand for as long as it remains live. For a brand building from scratch in a state, permanent organic search placement is a more defensible use of a limited marketing budget than an event presence you cannot yet sustain."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 should read like a real search query or pain point — never a generic label.",
    "h1": "Your Nail Brand Needs to Reach Texas Nail Professionals — Here Is Why the Standard Playbook Is Not Working",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Texas Is the Second-Biggest Nail Professional Market in the USA and Your Brand Is Not in It",
      "H2 2 — Why Trade Shows, Influencer Seeding, and Instagram Are Not Reaching the Texas Nail Professionals Who Actually Buy",
      "H2 3 — How a State-Level Editorial Campaign Post Puts Your Brand in Front of Texas Nail Techs and Salon Buyers",
      "H2 4 — What You Get When You Run a Texas Market Localisation Campaign with Mirellé",
      "H2 5 — The Texas Nail Market by the Numbers",
      "H2 6 — Questions Nail Brand Owners Ask Before Running a Texas Campaign"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hit the scale of the missed opportunity immediately",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — address the failed tactics directly and why they fail in this specific context",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduce Mirellé editorially as the answer, not as a sales pitch",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets on what the brand owner actually receives",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — 3 real stats with source attribution and context",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — real objections from brand decision-makers answered with honesty",
      "CTA": "Mailto button — contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. Each link should feel like a natural next step for the reader at that exact moment in the post.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-brand-market-localisation-new-york",
        "title": "Market Localisation Post — Nail Brand Reaching New York Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 (What We Offer) or H2 3 (Solution Bridge) — when explaining that state-level localisation works as a multi-market strategy, reference New York as the logical companion market for a brand building national professional presence.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-brand-market-localisation-florida",
        "title": "Market Localisation Post — Nail Brand Reaching Florida Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 (What We Offer) or near the CTA — position Florida as the natural next step after Texas for a brand building professional presence across the Southern US market.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "The Mirellé Business Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) — when introducing Mirellé as an editorial platform, link naturally to the hub to provide the full picture of what the platform offers without interrupting the flow.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. Apply the brand-specific nuance below on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": {
      "brand": "Industry-level authority throughout. Market data and trade positioning language. This reader is a decision-maker — a founder or marketing lead — who responds to evidence, not emotion. They are data-literate, commercially minded, and sceptical of anything that sounds like a pitch. Speak to the business case. Back every claim with context. Respect their intelligence. Do not warm up slowly — get to the commercial argument immediately."
    },
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer nail content framing — this reader is a B2B brand owner, never a nail enthusiast",
      "Vague reach claims without specificity",
      "Any phrasing that sounds like a sponsored post"
    ],
    "texas_specific_notes": [
      "Houston, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio are the four major nail professional hubs in Texas — reference these cities in pain block and solution bridge to signal geographic specificity",
      "Texas nail professionals are brand-loyal but brand-discovery happens through professional networks and editorial content, not consumer channels",
      "The Texas nail market has a strong Vietnamese-American salon presence — largest in the country — which influences purchasing patterns and product preferences in specific cities",
      "Texas as a market respects authority and track record — the editorial framing of Mirellé as a professional nail trade platform resonates strongly here"
    ]
  }
}
