{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "The Mirellé Nail Brand Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand marketing platform USA nail professionals",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "service": "Hub / Navigation Page",
    "country": "USA",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "nail-brand-directory-usa-hub",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-06-01"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "National — USA",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand marketing platform USA nail professionals",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail brand reach nail professionals USA platform",
      "nail brand B2B editorial USA",
      "nail brand visibility USA nail industry",
      "nail brand get featured USA nail professionals"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Medium",
    "rankability_note": "Hub page aggregates all brand-type content and builds topical authority across the whole cluster. No single nail B2B editorial platform in the USA covers all brand types in one place with editorial depth — Mirellé is first. Medium competition but content depth will compound authority over time.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "NAILS Magazine (nailsmag.com) dominates editorial but positions advertising as ad units, sponsored articles, and Topical Takeovers — not as a structured B2B editorial platform covering every brand type. Beautylaunchpad.com runs founder stories but focuses on salon owners, not nail brand owners. No single platform exists that aggregates indie, eco, halal, K-beauty, men's, education, international, and established brand types under one B2B editorial roof. The hub is the gap.",
    "links_to": [
      "indie-nail-brand-directory-listing-usa",
      "growing-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "established-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "supply-tool-brand-directory-usa",
      "eco-vegan-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "halal-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "k-beauty-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "uk-european-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "mens-nail-brand-directory-usa",
      "nail-education-brand-directory-usa",
      "international-nail-brand-directory-usa"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": ["every-post-in-cluster"],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was established during cluster research and represents real language used by nail brand owners and marketing decision-makers. Use it throughout — especially in the pain block, hook, solution bridge, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually thinks and talks.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail professionals don't know my brand exists",
      "we're invisible to salons",
      "posting on Instagram but not reaching anyone who buys",
      "no channel speaks to nail techs directly",
      "getting lost in the noise",
      "we can't afford NAILS Magazine rates",
      "our product is great but no one in the industry knows about it",
      "trade shows are expensive and one-off",
      "how do I get nail salons to stock my brand",
      "my brand has no presence in the professional market"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not found by nail professionals",
      "invisible on Google to nail techs",
      "not showing up in the trade space",
      "no B2B editorial footprint",
      "zero presence in the professional nail market"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "get in front of nail professionals",
      "reach nail salons at scale",
      "be seen by nail techs who buy",
      "build brand awareness in the professional market",
      "get stocked by salons",
      "find nail tech advocates for the brand"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "we've tried Instagram and it reaches consumers not professionals",
      "I don't know if editorial coverage actually converts",
      "we're a small brand, we don't have a PR budget",
      "how do I know nail techs will see this",
      "we don't have time to manage more marketing channels",
      "I've never heard of Mirellé",
      "what makes this different from paying NAILS Magazine"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "licensed professional",
      "pro-only product",
      "professional market",
      "behind the chair",
      "B2B nail trade",
      "salon-grade",
      "nail professional audience",
      "editorial trade coverage",
      "industry visibility"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "reach the professionals who influence consumer purchases",
      "trade editorial builds credibility that ads cannot",
      "nail techs recommend brands to their entire client list",
      "professional market endorsement drives retail pull-through",
      "being featured in trade content signals industry legitimacy"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what currently ranks for this keyword and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is the competitive edge — own every question competitors are not answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search results for 'nail brand marketing platform USA nail professionals' return a mix of: NAILS Magazine advertising pages (nailsmag.com/advertising-services) framed as ad-buy pitches; generic beauty marketing agencies with no nail-specific focus; consumer-facing beauty trend platforms; and software platforms (Booksy, Mangomint) aimed at salon operators rather than nail brands. No single result is a dedicated B2B editorial hub for nail brands covering multiple brand types.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Advertise with NAILS Magazine",
      "Online audience and SEO reach",
      "Sponsored articles and topical takeovers",
      "Educational email series",
      "Print and digital ad options",
      "Reach hair and nail salon owners"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "The specific challenges of indie or emerging brands who cannot afford legacy trade ad rates",
      "How different brand types — halal, K-beauty, men's, eco — each have distinct professional audiences and search intent",
      "What nail brand owners actually search when trying to reach nail professionals (not what ad buyers search)",
      "The gap between posting on Instagram and actually reaching licensed nail professionals with purchasing intent",
      "How international brands approach US market entry from an editorial angle",
      "What makes a platform trustworthy enough for a brand founder to invest in editorial coverage"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Competitors write in ad-sales language — 'reach our audience of X professionals, buy a package'. It is transactional, not editorial. No competitor speaks to nail brand owners as peers or demonstrates deep understanding of the brand-side B2B challenge.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only platform positioned as an editorial hub for nail brands — not an ad network, not a directory, not a consumer platform. The hub post can own the query by speaking to every brand type on the US market, in the language of brand owners not ad buyers, and by presenting Mirellé as the B2B editorial infrastructure that no competitor currently occupies."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is the primary creative brief for every paragraph. The brand owner reading this is not a salon owner — they are a marketing decision-maker or founder sitting between a product they believe in and a professional market they cannot access. They are frustrated by the gap between a good product and invisible trade presence. Write like you understand their specific situation.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Nail brand founders, co-founders, or marketing managers — ranging from indie brand owners launching with limited budget to mid-size brand marketing heads managing campaigns. Many are beauty industry insiders who understand the professional market but lack a dedicated B2B editorial channel that speaks directly to nail professionals. Some are international brands (UK, Korea, EU) seeking US professional market entry with no existing US trade presence.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their brand has no consistent editorial presence in the US professional nail market. Nail professionals — the people who recommend, use, and influence purchasing decisions for the brands they carry — simply do not know most nail brands exist beyond OPI, CND, and Gelish. The challenge is not the product. It is professional market invisibility.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram and TikTok marketing (reaches consumers, rarely reaches working nail techs making purchasing decisions), NAILS Magazine advertising (cost-prohibitive for smaller brands, positioned as ad spend not editorial credibility), trade shows like Premiere Orlando and America's Beauty Show (expensive, one-off, no permanent digital footprint), cold outreach to distributors and SalonCentric (slow, relationship-dependent, no scale), press releases sent to beauty editors (ignored unless brand has celebrity angle or major launch budget).",
      "what_they_want": "To be found and trusted by nail professionals in the USA — not just seen, but credibly positioned as a brand that belongs in the professional market. They want editorial legitimacy, not ad placement. They want nail techs and salon owners to recognise the brand name and know what it stands for before being approached.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Real editorial content with named authorship and genuine ranking evidence. A platform that speaks to nail professionals without sounding like an ad network. Transparency about how the platform works and who reads it. Specificity — a platform that understands the difference between indie and established brand needs, between K-beauty and halal nail brand positioning, between a product listing and a brand story feature.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague claims about 'reach' without evidence. Platforms that look consumer-facing but claim B2B positioning. Ad-speak language — 'package deals', 'impressions', 'eyeballs'. Any platform that treats all brand types the same without understanding their distinct professional audiences."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "We are invisible to nail professionals. Nail techs and salon owners do not know our brand exists, and there is no obvious editorial channel designed to introduce us to them at scale.",
      "Instagram reaches consumers, not professionals. Our social content performs well with nail art enthusiasts but not with licensed nail technicians making product purchasing decisions.",
      "Legacy trade media — NAILS Magazine, Nailpro — is priced for established brands. We don't have a six-figure ad budget. We need editorial credibility without the ad-network price tag.",
      "Trade shows are expensive, temporary, and geographically limited. We spend $10,000 on a show booth for three days of contact and no lasting search presence.",
      "We don't have a B2B editorial footprint. When a nail tech searches for brands in our category — halal, eco, K-beauty, men's, indie — our brand is not part of the conversation. We need to be found, not just promoted."
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "how do I get nail professionals to know about my brand",
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "Instagram doesn't reach nail professionals",
      "we can't afford NAILS Magazine",
      "trade shows are too expensive for what we get",
      "I need editorial coverage not ads",
      "how do I get my brand in front of nail salons",
      "how do nail brands get stocked by salons",
      "I want nail techs to recommend my products",
      "where do nail professionals discover new brands",
      "we need B2B visibility not consumer visibility",
      "how do I reach the professional nail market in the USA",
      "what platforms do nail brand owners use to reach nail techs",
      "I don't know how to get into the professional market",
      "we have a great product but the industry doesn't know who we are"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "A brand owner who has built something they believe in but is watching it remain invisible to the professional market that matters most — quietly frustrated, not defeated, actively searching for a credible solution they haven't found yet."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail brand marketing platform USA nail professionals — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail brand B2B platform USA",
      "nail brand editorial platform USA nail professionals",
      "nail brand visibility platform USA",
      "platform for nail brands to reach nail techs USA",
      "nail brand professional market platform USA",
      "nail brand reach platform USA",
      "B2B nail brand marketing USA platform"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail brand B2B editorial",
      "nail brand professional market visibility",
      "reach nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand trade presence",
      "editorial coverage nail brands",
      "nail brand directory USA",
      "nail brand professional audience",
      "nail trade platform USA",
      "nail brand marketing decision-maker",
      "nail brand founder marketing",
      "nail professional purchasing decision",
      "B2B nail industry content",
      "nail brand trade editorial"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "what is the best platform for nail brands to reach nail professionals in the USA",
      "how do nail brands get in front of nail technicians in the US",
      "where do nail professionals discover new nail brands",
      "how do I market my nail brand to nail salons in America",
      "what is a B2B nail brand editorial platform",
      "how do indie nail brands get editorial coverage in the USA",
      "what platforms do nail brand owners use to reach nail techs",
      "how do international nail brands enter the US professional market",
      "can a small nail brand afford editorial coverage in the US nail trade",
      "what is the difference between nail brand advertising and nail brand editorial",
      "how do nail brand founders get visibility with licensed nail professionals",
      "what editorial options exist for nail brands outside NAILS Magazine"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "invisible to the professional market",
      "we can't afford trade ads",
      "get my brand in front of nail professionals",
      "want editorial not ads",
      "where nail techs find new brands",
      "B2B nail brand coverage",
      "get stocked by nail salons",
      "nail brand trade visibility"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the brand owner understands why it matters specifically to them. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The US nail salon market reached $12.9 billion in revenue in 2024, growing at 7.8% annually over three years",
      "source": "Kentley Insights — Nail Salons Industry Market Research Report 2025 (kentleyinsights.com)",
      "context": "This is the professional market a nail brand is trying to reach. Over 94,000 nail salons and more than 119,000 licensed nail technicians are generating that revenue. These are the buyers, advocates, and recommenders every nail brand founder needs to reach. The market is not shrinking — the opportunity is real and growing."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "There are approximately 94,634 nail salons operating in the United States as of 2025, concentrated in California (10,918), Texas (8,537), and Florida (8,205)",
      "source": "ByteScraper US Nail Salon Database, November 2025 (bytescraper.com)",
      "context": "For a nail brand building professional market reach, this is the scale of the audience — nearly 95,000 businesses, the majority independently operated, who collectively influence the purchasing decisions of millions of consumers. Less than 15% of these businesses are discoverable via professional trade editorial. The gap between nail brand visibility and professional market scale is where the opportunity sits."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "The US nail care products market is valued at $15.7 billion in 2025 and forecast to grow at a 6.9% CAGR through 2035",
      "source": "Future Market Insights — Nail Care Products Market Report 2025 (futuremarketinsights.com)",
      "context": "The professional segment — products sold through and recommended by nail technicians — is a significant driver of this figure. Nail professionals function as purchase influencers for their entire client base. A brand without professional market visibility is competing only for direct-to-consumer spend and missing the channel that creates industry legitimacy."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from brand owners and marketing decision-makers — not generic questions. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "What is the difference between advertising with NAILS Magazine and using Mirellé?",
        "answer": "NAILS Magazine sells ad placements, sponsored articles, and Topical Takeovers to brands. The relationship is transactional — you pay for visibility within their existing readership, alongside every other brand that can afford the same placement. Mirellé builds original editorial pages for your brand that rank independently on Google. When a nail tech searches for a term relevant to your brand type — halal nail brand, indie nail brand, K-beauty nail brand — a Mirellé editorial page can surface in those results. It is search-built editorial presence, not ad-buy reach."
      },
      {
        "question": "We're a small brand. Can we realistically compete on a platform alongside established names?",
        "answer": "The Mirellé platform is structured by brand type, not brand size. An indie brand does not appear alongside OPI in the same listing context — the content is built for the specific search intent of the business owner looking for brands in your category. A small eco nail brand, a halal nail brand, or an indie brand entering the US market each have their own editorial home within the cluster. Smaller brands are not outcompeted by bigger ad budgets on editorial platforms the way they are on aggregator directories."
      },
      {
        "question": "How do I know nail professionals will actually see this?",
        "answer": "The posts are built to rank on Google for the specific searches nail brand owners, marketers, and buyers run when looking for brands in each category. We are not claiming follower counts — we are claiming SEO positioning. The evidence is the gap: no competitor currently ranks for these B2B nail brand queries because no one has built this content. Mirellé is the first editorial platform to address nail brand professional market visibility by brand type, with content structured specifically for these searches."
      },
      {
        "question": "We've invested in Instagram and trade shows. Why isn't that enough?",
        "answer": "Instagram is a consumer discovery channel. It reaches nail enthusiasts, not licensed professionals actively searching for new brands to carry. Trade shows are expensive, geographically limited, and leave no permanent digital footprint. A nail tech in Dallas who missed a trade show will never encounter your brand from a booth they weren't at. Editorial content on Google is discoverable indefinitely, by every nail professional who runs the search, regardless of geography or timing."
      },
      {
        "question": "We're an international brand and don't have a US presence yet. Does Mirellé work for us?",
        "answer": "The cluster has specific post types built for international brands entering the US market — UK and European brands, K-beauty and Asian brands, international brands seeking US distributors. These editorial pages are written for the exact search intent of brand owners at the US market entry stage. If a nail professional or distributor searches for a term related to your brand's category and origin, an editorial page positions your brand within that search landscape before you have established a US physical presence."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it.",
    "h1": "The Nail Brand Marketing Platform US Nail Professionals Actually Use to Discover New Brands",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Your Brand Exists. The Professional Market Just Does Not Know It Yet",
      "H2 2 — Why Instagram, Trade Shows, and Legacy Ad Spend Are Not Solving the Problem",
      "H2 3 — What a Purpose-Built Nail Brand Editorial Platform Actually Does",
      "H2 4 — What Nail Brands Get on Mirellé",
      "H2 5 — The Professional Market You Are Trying to Reach — By the Numbers",
      "H2 6 — What Nail Brand Owners Ask Before Getting Started"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — professional market invisibility, in brand owner language",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — why current solutions fail; channels that reach consumers not professionals",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the B2B editorial infrastructure answer",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets, by brand type. What they get, not how the platform works.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility — 3 real market stats with context. Market scale, professional audience size, growth trajectory.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real brand owner objections answered honestly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader at that point in the post, not an interruption. The hub links out to every brand-type directory as editorial anchors — these serve the reader as navigation.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "indie-nail-brand-directory-listing-usa",
        "title": "List Your Indie Nail Brand — Get Seen by US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Under H2 4 (What We Offer) as the anchor link for indie and emerging brands navigating to their specific listing type",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "established-nail-brand-directory-usa",
        "title": "Directory Listing for Established Nail Brands — Premium Placement with US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Under H2 4 (What We Offer) for established or mid-size brand owners identifying their path",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "halal-nail-brand-feature-usa",
        "title": "Halal & Wudu-Friendly Nail Brand Feature — Reach US Nail Professionals & Diverse Salons",
        "placement_note": "Under H2 3 (Solution Bridge) as a specific example of Mirellé owning an underserved brand-type editorial niche",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ],
    "note": "The full cluster of 11 brand-type directory slugs listed in links_to may appear as a navigational section within H2 4 (What We Offer), formatted as editorial navigation — not a bullet list of ad packages. Each brand type links to its dedicated directory page. This serves the reader as a structured index, not a sales menu."
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. The nuance for brand client type is below. Apply on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": {
      "brand": "Industry-level authority. Market data and trade positioning language. These are founders and marketing decision-makers — they respond to evidence, specificity, and a demonstrated understanding of the professional market gap they are trying to solve. Do not patronise. Do not oversell. Give them the case clearly and let it stand."
    },
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer nail content language",
      "Package-deal or ad-buy framing"
    ]
  }
}
