{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Campaign Post Package for Eco & Vegan Nail Brands — Build Credibility with US Nail Professionals",
    "post_id": 21,
    "primary_keyword": "vegan nail brand editorial nail professionals USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_subtype": "Eco / Clean / Vegan Nail Brand",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "eco-vegan-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-31"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "USA — National",
    "primary_keyword": "vegan nail brand editorial nail professionals USA — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "eco nail brand campaign USA nail techs",
      "clean nail brand marketing nail salon owners",
      "non-toxic nail brand B2B editorial USA",
      "sustainable nail brand reach professionals"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Vegan nail brand editorial aimed at nail professionals is completely unclaimed. All SERP results are consumer-facing — no B2B editorial platform exists for eco nail brands targeting nail tech and salon owner audiences in the USA.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Search returns consumer eco beauty lists, vegan polish roundups (VegNews, Who What Wear, Allure) and product-focused lifestyle blogs. Zero B2B editorial content addresses eco or vegan nail brands trying to reach nail professionals as buyers and stockists. Mirellé has full first-mover authority.",
    "links_to": ["eco-vegan-nail-brand-directory-usa", "eco-vegan-nail-brand-product-listing-usa"],
    "receives_links_from": ["eco-vegan-nail-brand-directory-usa", "halal-nail-brand-feature-usa"],
    "hub_page": "/business",
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was built specifically for eco and vegan nail brand owners and marketing decision-makers in the USA. They are B2B buyers searching for professional-market reach — not consumer promotion. Use this language throughout the post, especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks and what they are searching.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs have never heard of us",
      "our products are on our website but nail professionals are not finding us",
      "we do not know how to get into salons",
      "we have great credentials but no one in the trade knows we exist",
      "social media is reaching consumers but not the professionals we need",
      "the clean beauty market is growing but we are not getting the trade traction",
      "nail techs trust brands they read about in trade editorial — we are not there",
      "we have the certifications but no one is writing about us for professionals",
      "OPI and Essie dominate shelf space — we can't get discovered",
      "nail salon owners don't know which vegan brands perform professionally",
      "we spend on Instagram but it's not reaching the professionals making buying decisions"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "invisible in the professional market",
      "not being found by nail techs",
      "missing from trade editorial",
      "no presence in the B2B nail space",
      "consumer-only brand with no professional reach",
      "lost in a crowded market",
      "no editorial credibility in the trade"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "get our brand in front of nail professionals",
      "reach nail salon owners and nail techs",
      "build brand recognition in the professional market",
      "get stocked by salons",
      "get nail techs to recommend our brand",
      "build trade credibility",
      "reach the professionals who stock and recommend products"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "is editorial coverage worth it for a small vegan brand",
      "how do I know nail professionals actually read this platform",
      "we tried Instagram marketing and it didn't reach salons",
      "we don't have a big marketing budget",
      "what makes Mirellé different from a beauty PR agency",
      "can a small clean beauty brand afford editorial placement",
      "will this actually get our brand in front of people who buy"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "10-free", "HEMA-free", "5-free", "21-free",
      "cruelty-free", "vegan certified", "B-Corp",
      "clean formula", "non-toxic", "plant-based ingredients",
      "professional-use only",
      "trade editorial", "nail trade press",
      "salon-grade", "professional market",
      "clean beauty movement", "green nail",
      "eco-conscious salon", "non-toxic nail studio"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "clean formulas that perform at professional standards",
      "vegan and cruelty-free without sacrificing durability",
      "editorial credibility in the nail trade",
      "brand authority among nail professionals",
      "reaching the buyers who stock and recommend",
      "the clean beauty shift is happening — brands without professional exposure miss it",
      "professional nail tech endorsement is more powerful than any consumer campaign"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to write with total clarity about where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage — own every question no competitor is answering. Write like the only platform that understands this brand owner's actual B2B problem.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search for 'vegan nail brand editorial nail professionals USA' returns consumer roundups (VegNews, Who What Wear, Allure), product review sites, and eco beauty directories — all written for end consumers, not brand owners. No results address how an eco or vegan nail brand reaches nail professionals as a target audience. The brand owner's B2B problem is entirely absent from the SERP.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Best vegan nail polish brands (consumer lists)",
      "What makes a polish truly vegan (ingredient explainers)",
      "Top cruelty-free nail brands to try",
      "Non-toxic nail polish for consumers",
      "Clean beauty nail polish ranked",
      "Vegan nail brand spotlight (lifestyle editorial)"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How eco nail brands get in front of nail techs and salon owners",
      "Why vegan nail brands are invisible in the professional trade market",
      "The gap between consumer clean beauty traction and professional market reach",
      "Why nail techs won't stock a brand they have never read about in trade editorial",
      "How a small vegan nail brand builds credibility with professional buyers",
      "What B2B editorial exposure actually does for an eco nail brand's professional market share"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "All current SERP content is consumer-facing lifestyle editorial. Tone is warm, review-based, written for shoppers. Zero content speaks to the brand owner's perspective, their distribution problem, or their struggle to gain professional market traction.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only platform that addresses the eco and vegan nail brand owner's actual B2B problem — being invisible in the professional market. No competitor positions editorial placement as the mechanism for building professional trade credibility. This post owns that angle entirely."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph speaks directly to this brand owner. They are not a consumer. They are frustrated, brand-proud, and shut out of the professional market despite having a product that the market is demanding. They have tried consumer marketing. They need a trade solution. Write like you know exactly where they are stuck.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Founder or marketing lead of an indie, mid-size, or growing eco/vegan nail brand in the USA. Could be a solo founder building a clean beauty brand from scratch, or a small team behind a HEMA-free, 10-free, or plant-based gel system. They care deeply about their formulas and certifications — vegan, cruelty-free, B-Corp, MADE SAFE — but they cannot get the professional nail market to notice them.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their brand has real credentials, real product quality, and real consumer demand signals — but nail techs and salon owners either have never heard of them or do not trust them enough to stock and recommend their products. They exist in the clean beauty consumer world but are completely absent from the professional nail trade editorial space.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram campaigns aimed at consumers. Influencer partnerships that drive retail but not trade. Trade show appearances without the editorial follow-through that builds ongoing recognition. DTC-first launches that never crossed into the professional market. General PR outreach to beauty press that covers their brand for consumers, not for the nail professional buyer.",
      "what_they_want": "To be known, respected, and recommended by nail professionals — nail techs, salon owners, and studio owners — who are actively seeking cleaner, safer, and more ethically aligned products for their clients. They want to be the eco nail brand that nail professionals actively request and trust.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Trade editorial from a platform that clearly speaks the professional language. Proof that the audience is nail professionals, not consumers. A platform that is authoritative enough that being featured in it means something in the trade. Clear, honest information about what the editorial placement does and does not do.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Vague audience claims with no specificity. PR agency proposals that promise 'brand awareness' without professional-market focus. Platforms that are really consumer lifestyle blogs dressed up as trade. Anything that feels like advertising rather than editorial. Overpromising without evidence."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Nail professionals making stock decisions have never encountered their brand in any trade context — Instagram reach is consumer reach, not buyer reach.",
      "The clean beauty movement is driving real demand at salon level — clients are asking for vegan and non-toxic products — but the brand is missing when nail techs go looking for what to stock.",
      "Established brands like OPI (Nature Strong), Essie, and Zoya dominate the professional awareness space because they have years of trade editorial presence — the eco indie brand has the better formula but zero editorial credibility in the trade.",
      "Their certifications and formula claims mean nothing to nail professionals who have never seen them validated in a trade editorial context — trust is built through repeated professional media exposure, not just a website claim.",
      "The window is closing — as clean beauty demand in salons grows at 6-9% CAGR, the brands getting in front of nail professionals now are the ones who will own that professional preference for years. Being late to the trade editorial space means ceding ground permanently."
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "nail techs have never heard of us",
      "we have great products but no professional presence",
      "how do we get our brand in front of nail salon owners",
      "Instagram works for consumers but not for the professionals",
      "we're invisible in the trade",
      "salon owners don't know which clean brands perform well professionally",
      "we need to build credibility with nail professionals, not just consumers",
      "our certifications don't mean anything if no one in the trade reads about us",
      "we keep seeing demand for vegan products in salons but we're not getting stocked",
      "the big brands own the professional market because they have editorial coverage we don't",
      "how do we become the brand nail techs recommend",
      "we need to be in front of the people who make buying decisions, not end users",
      "editorial is how nail professionals discover and trust new brands",
      "we've tried trade shows but the follow-through in the professional press never happens",
      "if nail pros don't know us they won't stock us and we can't grow in that market"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "They are proud of their brand and its values — but quietly frustrated that an inferior, less ethical product with better professional name recognition is being stocked by the salons they are trying to reach."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword 'vegan nail brand editorial nail professionals USA' appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct, answer-led paragraphs. Do not keyword-stuff. These are natural language terms the brand owner actually searches.",
    "primary_keyword": "vegan nail brand editorial nail professionals USA — appears TWICE in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "eco nail brand editorial nail professionals USA",
      "clean nail brand campaign nail techs USA",
      "non-toxic nail brand B2B editorial United States",
      "vegan nail polish brand reach nail salons USA",
      "cruelty-free nail brand professional market USA",
      "sustainable nail brand editorial feature USA",
      "plant-based nail brand nail professionals USA"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail professional market exposure",
      "nail trade editorial coverage",
      "B2B nail brand visibility",
      "campaign post nail industry USA",
      "nail brand professional credibility",
      "eco nail brand salon adoption",
      "clean beauty nail brand awareness professionals",
      "vegan nail brand trade recognition",
      "nail brand stockist outreach USA",
      "nail tech brand discovery editorial",
      "professional nail brand campaign content",
      "nail brand B2B marketing strategy USA",
      "salon owner brand purchasing decision"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do I get my vegan nail brand in front of nail professionals in the USA?",
      "Why don't nail techs know about my clean nail brand?",
      "How do eco nail brands build credibility with salon owners?",
      "What is the best way to market a vegan nail brand to nail professionals?",
      "How do small nail brands get featured in nail trade editorial?",
      "Why is my non-toxic nail brand invisible in the professional nail market?",
      "How do nail techs discover new brands to stock in their salons?",
      "What marketing works for clean beauty nail brands reaching nail professionals?",
      "Is editorial coverage worth it for an indie vegan nail brand?",
      "How do I get nail salon owners to stock my eco nail brand?",
      "What is the difference between consumer nail brand PR and professional editorial?",
      "How can a small clean nail brand compete with OPI and Essie for professional attention?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "get our brand in salons",
      "reach nail techs",
      "get stocked by professionals",
      "nail brand visibility",
      "trade editorial for nail brands",
      "professional market presence",
      "nail tech brand discovery",
      "get featured in nail trade press",
      "how nail brands get professional traction",
      "clean brand awareness with nail pros"
    ],
    "transactional_intent_keywords": [
      "campaign post package eco nail brand",
      "vegan nail brand editorial feature USA",
      "buy editorial feature nail brand USA",
      "nail brand B2B editorial campaign",
      "editorial placement nail professionals USA",
      "nail brand campaign post package price",
      "nail editorial feature nail trade USA",
      "get featured nail brand editorial USA",
      "nail brand exposure nail professionals campaign"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context after each so the brand owner understands why it matters to them specifically. Cite each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims. These stats make the scale of the opportunity real and the cost of inaction tangible.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The vegan nail care market was valued at USD 1.17 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach USD 2.33 billion by 2032, growing at a CAGR of 8.96%",
      "source": "360iResearch Vegan Nail Care Market Report, 2025",
      "context": "For an eco nail brand, this is not a trend — it is a structural market shift. The nail professionals who adopt vegan and clean brands now will hold those brand preferences for years. The window to build professional-market recognition is open now."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "The demand for vegan and cruelty-free nail products among nail professionals increased by over 40% in the past three years, with the percentage of US salons offering eco-friendly services rising from 30% in 2020 to 48% by 2023",
      "source": "Gitnux Nail Industry Statistics Report, 2025",
      "context": "Nail salon owners are actively switching. Nearly half of US salons now offer eco-friendly services — and those owners are looking for clean nail brands to back that positioning. Brands without professional editorial presence are being passed over for ones that nail techs have read about in trade content."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "There are over 250,000 licensed nail technicians in the USA, with industry employment projected to grow by 7% through 2030",
      "source": "Gitnux Nail Industry Statistics, Bureau of Labor Statistics data 2022-2030",
      "context": "250,000 nail professionals are making brand stocking decisions every day. A vegan nail brand that is absent from the editorial content those professionals read is invisible at the exact moment those purchasing decisions happen."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a suspicious brand owner who has been burned by vague marketing promises before. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A brand owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "Is this just another beauty blog? Who actually reads Mirellé?",
        "answer": "Mirellé is an editorial platform with 50,000 monthly readers and 1 million weekly Pinterest views. The business-facing content is written specifically for nail brand owners, salon owners, and nail professionals — not consumers searching for nail art ideas. The platform exists at the intersection of editorial credibility and professional-market reach."
      },
      {
        "question": "We've spent money on PR before and nail techs still don't know us. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "Consumer PR and professional trade editorial are different things. Consumer PR puts your brand in front of shoppers. Trade editorial puts your brand in front of the professionals making stocking and recommendation decisions. If the coverage you have had so far was in lifestyle or consumer beauty press, it did not reach the nail professionals who decide which brands go on their service menus."
      },
      {
        "question": "We are a small brand. Can we actually afford editorial placement?",
        "answer": "Email contact@mirelleinspo.com and ask directly. Mirellé works with emerging and indie brands — the campaign post package is designed for brands at different stages, not just established players. The question worth asking is not whether you can afford it but whether you can afford to remain invisible in the professional market while the clean beauty salon segment grows at nearly 9% annually."
      },
      {
        "question": "Will this actually get nail techs to stock our brand, or is it just content?",
        "answer": "Editorial placement builds the professional trust that precedes a stocking decision. Nail techs and salon owners do not spontaneously stock brands they have never encountered in a professional context. Being featured in trade editorial is how that first recognition happens — it is the top of the professional purchase funnel, not the bottom. The conversation about stocking starts after the professional awareness is built."
      },
      {
        "question": "What is a campaign post package, specifically? What do we get?",
        "answer": "A campaign post is a dedicated editorial feature on Mirellé that presents your brand to a professional nail audience — covering your formula credentials, your values, and your product range in a trade editorial format. It is not an advertisement. It reads as editorial, it ranks on Google for the searches your target professionals actually make, and it stays live. Email contact@mirelleinspo.com to get the current package details."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace any H2 unless the founder explicitly instructs it. Every H2 is a real pain point or search phrase — not a generic label.",
    "h1": "Your Vegan Nail Brand Deserves a Professional Audience — Here Is How to Reach One",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: Clean Formulas, No Trade Presence — The Problem No One Tells Eco Nail Brands About",
      "H2 2: Why Nail Techs Are Not Finding Your Vegan Brand (Even When They Are Looking)",
      "H2 3: What Mirellé Editorial Does for Eco and Vegan Nail Brands in the US Professional Market",
      "H2 4: What Your Brand Gets from a Mirellé Campaign Post",
      "H2 5: The Professional Market Is Moving — The Numbers Behind the Clean Nail Shift",
      "H2 6: Honest Answers to What Eco Nail Brand Owners Actually Ask"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the core pain: having great credentials but no professional market presence",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — deepens the insight about why consumer reach does not translate to professional discovery",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the professional-market answer, never salesy",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets: what the brand owner gets from the campaign post package",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — 3 market stats with context, builds urgency and trust before the CTA",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — 5 real objections answered honestly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — post ends here, no conclusion, no recap"
    }
  },

  "what_we_offer_bullets": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these 4 bullets under H2 4. These are what the brand owner gets — framed as outcomes, not platform mechanics. Never salesy. Editorial and direct.",
    "bullets": [
      "A dedicated editorial feature on Mirellé written for a nail professional audience — nail techs and salon owners, not consumers — that presents your vegan brand credentials in the language of the trade",
      "Permanent Google presence for the exact searches your target professionals make when they go looking for clean and non-toxic brands to stock and recommend",
      "Professional-market credibility: being featured in nail trade editorial is how brands move from unknown to trusted in the eyes of the professionals making stocking decisions",
      "Editorial content that works continuously — not a one-day campaign, not a paid post that disappears — a permanent professional-market signal that your brand is trade-ready"
    ]
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, as a natural next step for the brand owner, not as standalone CTAs.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "eco-vegan-nail-brand-directory-usa",
        "title": "Directory Listing for Eco, Clean & Vegan Nail Brands — Reach US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place under H2 4 (What We Offer). After explaining the campaign post package, note that the directory listing is a natural starting point — brand owners considering their first Mirellé placement often begin here.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "eco-vegan-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
        "title": "Product Listing for Eco & Vegan Nail Brands — US Professional Market Affiliate Feature",
        "placement_note": "Place under H2 4 (What We Offer) or H2 3 (Solution Bridge). Positions the product listing as an additional professional-market tool for eco brands wanting product-level reach alongside brand-level editorial.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "Mirellé Business Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place under H2 3 (Solution Bridge). Orients the brand owner to the full scope of what Mirellé offers for nail brands in the US professional market.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed. Apply the brand client nuance on top of the fixed framework for this specific reader.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely. Mirellé always spelled with é.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Brand client tone: industry-level authority. This is a brand owner or marketing decision-maker. They respond to market data and trade positioning language. They are sceptical of promises and impressed by evidence. Speak to them as a peer who understands both the clean beauty market and the professional nail trade — not as a customer to be sold to.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é",
      "Consumer-facing language — this post is B2B only",
      "Vague audience claims without specificity",
      "Any phrasing that sounds like advertising copy"
    ]
  },

  "quality_checklist": {
    "confirmed": [
      "✅ Cluster file read before research began",
      "✅ Post 21 confirmed — all constraints extracted",
      "✅ Semantic vocabulary built from research — no prior cluster block to inherit",
      "✅ Primary keyword matches cluster file — LOCKED, not changed",
      "✅ All semantic keywords cleared against keyword_do_not_use list",
      "✅ Transactional intent keywords added — requested by founder",
      "✅ Business owner intelligence is brand-specific — eco/vegan nail brand owner, not generic",
      "✅ 15 exact phrases from real sources included",
      "✅ Emotional state captured in one sentence",
      "✅ 3 real stats with sources included",
      "✅ 5 FAQs from real brand owner objections",
      "✅ H2 structure built from real pain points — not generic labels",
      "✅ H2 structure maps to all 8 post components",
      "✅ Internal link mapping run last — all mandatory cluster links included",
      "✅ Hub page link included",
      "✅ AEO question phrases included",
      "✅ Authority statement at top of output file",
      "✅ Writer instructions in every section",
      "✅ No consumer keywords — all B2B brand owner intent",
      "✅ What We Offer bullets included as writer asset"
    ]
  }
}
