{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_id": 22,
    "post_title": "Product Listing & Affiliate Feature for Eco & Vegan Nail Brands — US Professional Market Affiliate Feature",
    "slug": "eco-vegan-nail-brand-product-listing-usa",
    "primary_keyword": "vegan nail brand product placement nail professionals USA",
    "client_type": "brand",
    "brand_type": "Eco / Clean / Vegan Nail Brand",
    "service": "Product Listing / Affiliate Post",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "National",
    "city": null,
    "area_borough": null,
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-31"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "National — USA",
    "primary_keyword": "vegan nail brand product placement nail professionals USA",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "eco nail brand affiliate editorial USA",
      "clean nail brand product feature nail tech platform",
      "non-toxic nail brand listing professional USA",
      "sustainable nail product placement nail industry"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "Product placement for eco nail brands in B2B editorial — no competition. All existing content for vegan nail brands targets consumers only. Mirellé is the first editorial platform offering a B2B product listing / affiliate feature specifically for eco and vegan nail brands seeking placement with US nail professionals.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Consumer-facing beauty sites (VegOut, VeganAvenue, Ulta, Refersion) dominate search results. Zero B2B editorial platform features eco nail brand products for nail professional audiences. Generic affiliate directories (BixGrow, UpPromote) are consumer-conversion tools — not nail professional market placement. Mirellé owns this gap entirely.",
    "links_to": ["eco-vegan-nail-brand-directory-usa", "eco-vegan-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa"],
    "receives_links_from": ["eco-vegan-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa", "growing-nail-brand-product-listing-usa"],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail brand USA",
      "top nail brands USA",
      "nail brand reviews USA",
      "nail polish brands USA",
      "buy nail brand USA",
      "nail salon near me",
      "best nail salon USA",
      "nail brand wholesale"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary represents the real language used by eco and vegan nail brand owners and marketers searching for B2B professional market reach in the USA. Use throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how the reader actually talks.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "buried under the big brands",
      "Instagram reaches consumers, not professionals",
      "can't get in front of the people who actually buy for salons",
      "clean beauty is a story that needs the right audience",
      "ethical formulas don't sell themselves to nail pros",
      "we're doing everything right and still not getting stocked",
      "salon owners don't know there's a professional-grade vegan option",
      "our formula is better but nobody in the trade knows it",
      "no platform speaks to both our values and our B2B goals"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "invisible to nail professionals",
      "not showing up where pros actually look",
      "consumer platforms are the wrong audience for us",
      "no editorial home in the professional nail space",
      "nail techs can't find us",
      "not part of the trade conversation"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "get stocked by salons",
      "reach nail techs who influence client choices",
      "get our products into professional kits",
      "earn affiliate revenue while building brand awareness",
      "product placement that drives stockist enquiries",
      "be seen by the people who actually recommend and use products professionally"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "is editorial really worth it for a small brand?",
      "we've tried influencers and it didn't translate to pro sales",
      "how do nail techs even find new brands?",
      "what makes this different from just listing on Amazon?",
      "we don't have a big marketing budget",
      "I'm not sure our brand is established enough for editorial"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "10-free formula",
      "HEMA-free",
      "cruelty-free certified",
      "clean beauty",
      "professional-grade vegan gel",
      "plant-based formula",
      "non-toxic nail",
      "breathable polish",
      "bio-sourced ingredients",
      "nail professional market",
      "B2B placement",
      "trade editorial"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional without compromise",
      "the ethical choice for the trade",
      "clean formulas, salon-grade performance",
      "the brand nail techs can be proud to use",
      "sustainability credentials your clients will notice"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what Mirellé is competing against — and exactly where it wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage. Make sure the post addresses every question that nothing currently ranking answers.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Search results for 'vegan nail brand product placement nail professionals USA' return a mix of consumer affiliate sites (BixGrow, UpPromote, Refersion), consumer vegan beauty roundups (VegOut, VeganAvenue, Editorialist), and generic beauty PR agency pages. Nothing speaks to the eco/vegan nail brand founder trying to get products in front of the US nail professional market. The B2B product placement angle is entirely absent from current results.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Best vegan nail polish brands (consumer roundups)",
      "Top nail affiliate programs (generic commission listings)",
      "How to market a nail polish brand (generic marketing advice)",
      "Clean beauty trend reports (broad beauty industry)",
      "B2B nail brand strategies (generic, not editorial-specific)",
      "How nail techs choose products (tech perspective, not brand)"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "How eco/vegan brands specifically reach the US nail professional audience",
      "Why consumer-facing affiliate programs don't translate to professional stockist enquiries",
      "The gap between clean beauty demand from salon clients and brand visibility in trade editorial",
      "What a product listing/affiliate feature in nail trade editorial actually delivers vs Amazon or influencer placements",
      "Why nail techs and salon owners need a credible editorial context to trust and adopt a new vegan brand"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Consumer roundups and generic marketing advice — none speak directly to the eco/vegan nail brand owner as a B2B marketer. None understand the specific frustration of having a professionally credible clean formula with zero trade editorial presence.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé is the only editorial platform in the US nail trade space that positions product listing and affiliate features specifically for eco and vegan nail brands targeting nail professionals. The post can own every question about how clean-formulation brands build professional-market credibility — none of which is currently answered anywhere in search results."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific brand owner in this specific situation. They are not a consumer-facing marketer. They are a brand founder or marketing decision-maker who knows their formula is exceptional but can't get it in front of the professional audience that matters. They are smart, values-driven, and frustrated by the disconnect between their product quality and their trade visibility. Write like you know them.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "Founder or marketing director of an eco, clean, or vegan nail brand operating in the USA. Could be an indie founder (solo or small team) who formulated a HEMA-free, 10-free, or plant-based product and is now trying to crack professional market distribution. Could also be a growing brand (Ella+Mila, Pacifica-level) with consumer traction that is now trying to convert that into salon-level B2B reach. They understand clean beauty deeply — what separates them is that they have no roadmap for reaching nail professionals as a distinct audience from consumers.",
      "their_core_problem": "Their products are genuinely professional-grade and ethically formulated but they have no meaningful presence in the trade editorial space where nail techs and salon owners discover and evaluate new brands. Consumer affiliate platforms drive DTC sales but not stockist enquiries. Influencer coverage reaches end-users but doesn't build professional credibility. They are invisible to the people who actually stock and recommend products in a professional setting.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "Instagram and TikTok (consumer engagement, not professional reach), consumer affiliate programmes (commissions but no trade placement), general beauty PR agencies (expensive, consumer-focused coverage), trade show attendance (costly, time-limited), approaching SalonCentric or Beyond Polish directly (high barrier to entry, no editorial context). None of these have built meaningful presence with nail professionals as a distinct professional audience.",
      "what_they_want": "To have their product editorially featured in a platform that nail techs and salon owners actually read and trust — in a context that builds professional credibility, not just consumer buzz. They want placement that generates stockist and affiliate enquiries from professionals, not just DTC clicks. They want to be seen as a trade-credible brand, not just a consumer-friendly one.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Specificity — a platform that clearly understands the nail professional market and speaks their language. Evidence that the audience is genuinely nail professionals (not general beauty consumers). An editorial tone that matches their brand values. Transparent explanation of how the product listing or affiliate feature works and what it delivers.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Generic claims about 'reach' without audience specifics. Platforms that look consumer-facing with a thin B2B layer on top. Salesy or pushy language. Requests that feel like advertising buys rather than editorial features. Anything that feels like a directory listing with no editorial context or professional credibility."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "Clean formulas deserve a professional audience but every existing platform routes eco/vegan nail brands toward consumers — not nail techs, not salon owners, not the people who actually build professional product kits.",
      "Nail techs are actively looking for vegan and HEMA-free options for sensitive clients — but they can't find indie and growing eco brands because those brands only appear on consumer platforms, not in trade editorial.",
      "Affiliate income from consumer clicks is not the same as professional market penetration — brand founders confuse the two and wonder why strong DTC sales don't translate into salon stockist relationships.",
      "The professional nail market's shift toward clean beauty is real and accelerating — nail techs are adopting vegan gel systems at growing rates — but eco brands have no dedicated editorial channel to meet them there.",
      "Getting listed on Amazon or Ulta builds consumer credibility but actively undermines professional positioning — nail techs want to work with brands that feel like professional trade partners, not retail shelf fillers."
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "nail techs don't know we exist",
      "we've got the Instagram following but can't get into salons",
      "how do I reach nail professionals without going to every trade show?",
      "our formula is 10-free and HEMA-free — it's exactly what conscious techs are looking for",
      "clean beauty has a moment in the professional market and we're missing it",
      "I don't want another affiliate programme that just drives consumer sales",
      "we need trade editorial — something that makes us look like a serious brand",
      "salon owners trust what they read in trade publications, not what's trending on TikTok",
      "every eco nail brand on consumer platforms looks the same — we need to stand out to pros",
      "how do nail techs actually find new brands to add to their kits?",
      "can't get a call back from SalonCentric — need another route in",
      "what is the right way to reach nail professionals for a brand our size?",
      "our affiliate earnings are coming from consumers — not from salons or techs",
      "we want product placement with editorial — not just a listing in a directory",
      "the professional market is where we actually want to grow"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and slightly invisible — they know their product belongs in professional kits, they can see the trade is moving toward clean formulas, but they feel like they are shouting into a consumer echo chamber while the professional market moves without them."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "vegan nail brand product placement nail professionals USA — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "eco nail brand product feature nail professionals USA",
      "clean nail brand affiliate editorial nail techs",
      "non-toxic nail brand professional market placement USA",
      "vegan nail product listing nail salon USA",
      "sustainable nail brand product feature US nail industry",
      "cruelty-free nail brand reach nail professionals USA",
      "plant-based nail brand professional editorial USA"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "nail professional market USA",
      "B2B nail brand editorial",
      "nail tech product discovery",
      "clean beauty nail trade USA",
      "affiliate nail brand USA professional",
      "nail brand trade credibility",
      "professional nail product listing",
      "nail brand salon stockist USA",
      "eco beauty B2B placement",
      "HEMA-free nail brand visibility",
      "vegan gel brand professional market",
      "nail brand editorial feature USA",
      "clean nail formula professional recognition",
      "10-free nail brand professional reach"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "How do eco nail brands reach nail professionals in the USA?",
      "What is the best way to get a vegan nail brand featured in trade editorial?",
      "How do nail techs discover new clean and vegan nail brands?",
      "What is the difference between a consumer affiliate programme and a B2B product listing for nail brands?",
      "How can a vegan nail brand get its products into nail salons in the USA?",
      "Is editorial product placement better than Amazon listings for reaching nail professionals?",
      "How does a clean nail brand build credibility in the US nail professional market?",
      "What platforms do nail professionals use to find new brands?",
      "How do eco nail brands get stocked by nail salons and independent nail techs in the USA?",
      "What is the right marketing channel for a non-toxic nail brand targeting nail professionals?",
      "Can a small vegan nail brand get editorial coverage in the US nail trade space?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "trade editorial",
      "get stocked",
      "nail tech kits",
      "reach the pros",
      "professional audience",
      "salon-level visibility",
      "eco nail brand",
      "clean formula",
      "professional market",
      "B2B placement"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the brand owner understands why it matters to their specific situation. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "The global vegan nail care market was valued at USD 1.17 billion in 2024 and is projected to reach USD 2.33 billion by 2032, growing at a CAGR of 8.96%.",
      "source": "360iResearch, Vegan Nail Care Market Report, 2024",
      "context": "Demand for clean and vegan nail formulas is accelerating — but growth only converts into professional market revenue when brands have direct editorial channels to reach the nail techs and salon owners who stock and recommend products."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "Clean and vegan nail polish adoption influences approximately 48% of buyers in the US nail market, with vegan formulations impacting 54% of market trends through 2035.",
      "source": "Global Growth Insights, Nail Polish Market Report, 2026",
      "context": "Nail professionals are under direct client pressure to offer vegan and non-toxic options — this is a professional purchasing signal, not just a consumer preference. Eco brands that are visible in trade editorial are positioned to capture this demand at the professional level, not just the retail counter."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "Natural and organic nail polish represents 14.67% of the total nail polish market and is growing at 6.13% CAGR through 2030 — outpacing the overall market average.",
      "source": "Mordor Intelligence, Nail Polish Market Report, March 2026",
      "context": "The clean segment of the professional nail market is the fastest-growing sub-category — brands without editorial presence in the trade space are already conceding ground to competitors who are showing up where nail professionals actually look for product guidance."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections from a sceptical eco nail brand founder or marketing decision-maker. Answer each directly and honestly. No dodging. No overselling. A brand owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "Our brand already has an affiliate programme — how is this different from what we're already doing?",
        "answer": "Most brand affiliate programmes are built for consumer influencers and DTC sales. Mirellé's product listing and affiliate feature works differently — the placement lives within editorial content that nail professionals read when they are actively evaluating brands and products for their professional kits. Consumer affiliate clicks convert to DTC revenue. Professional editorial placement converts to stockist enquiries, kit adoptions, and trade credibility. They are not the same audience and they do not behave the same way."
      },
      {
        "question": "We're not a huge brand — is editorial placement realistic for us?",
        "answer": "Mirellé works with brands at every stage. In fact, emerging eco nail brands benefit most from editorial placement, because they have no other credible entry point into the professional trade space. A product listing with editorial context positions a smaller brand on equal footing with established names — something a consumer affiliate programme or an Amazon listing will never do."
      },
      {
        "question": "How do nail professionals actually use this kind of content — do they really read it?",
        "answer": "Nail professionals search Google with very specific professional intent — they look for brands that other nail techs use, for product recommendations from editorial sources they trust, and for clean-formula alternatives to what they currently stock. A Mirellé product listing sits in those search results with editorial authority. It is not an ad they skip — it is the answer they were looking for."
      },
      {
        "question": "What stops this from just being another directory listing that nobody reads?",
        "answer": "Mirellé is editorial, not a directory. Every product listing is built around the professional's search intent — structured as content that ranks on Google and answers the questions nail techs are actively asking. A static directory listing has no SEO value and no reader intent behind it. Mirellé editorial placement does."
      },
      {
        "question": "We've tried PR and influencer work — it hasn't moved the needle with professionals. Why would this be different?",
        "answer": "Consumer PR and influencer coverage reaches the wrong audience for B2B professional market penetration. Nail techs and salon owners do not discover their professional products through Instagram reels or consumer beauty press. They use trade editorial, peer recommendations, and professional search queries. Mirellé is built for exactly that search behaviour — not for consumer discovery."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. H2s are real pain points or direct queries — not generic labels. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it.",
    "h1": "Vegan Nail Brand Product Placement — Reach US Nail Professionals Through Editorial That Ranks",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1 — Your Clean Formula Is Invisible to the Nail Professionals Who Need It Most",
      "H2 2 — Consumer Platforms Are Sending Your Brand to the Wrong Audience",
      "H2 3 — How Mirellé Puts Your Vegan Nail Brand In Front of the US Professional Market",
      "H2 4 — What an Eco Nail Brand Gets From a Mirellé Product Listing",
      "H2 5 — The Numbers Behind the Professional Clean Beauty Shift",
      "H2 6 — Real Questions From Eco Nail Brand Founders"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the core invisibility problem in the professional trade space",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — addresses the misaligned platform problem (consumer vs professional audience)",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially as the answer. Never salesy.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets of what the brand gets from a Mirellé product listing",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — market data that makes the case for acting now",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — real objections answered honestly",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ, no H2, post ends here"
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "eco-vegan-nail-brand-directory-usa",
        "title": "Directory Listing for Eco & Vegan Nail Brands — Reach US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 Solution Bridge — after introducing Mirellé as the answer. A brand owner who wants maximum visibility needs to see the directory listing as the foundational placement alongside the product listing feature.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "eco-vegan-nail-brand-campaign-post-usa",
        "title": "Campaign Post for Eco & Vegan Nail Brands — Build Credibility with US Nail Professionals",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 4 What We Offer — after the product listing bullets. Brands ready for deeper editorial reach should naturally be directed toward the campaign post as the next level of placement.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "/business",
        "title": "Mirellé Business Hub — Everything for Nail Brands in the US Market",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 Solution Bridge — when introducing Mirellé's full platform. This anchors the brand owner in the wider Mirellé ecosystem and drives hub page authority.",
        "link_type": "hub-page"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. Apply the brand client type nuance below on top of the fixed framework.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Brand — industry-level authority. Market data and trade positioning language. This reader is a marketing professional or founder who responds to evidence, specificity, and clear commercial logic — not emotion. They want to know exactly what they get, who the audience is, and why this beats every other option they have tried.",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é"
    ]
  }
}
