{
  "file_authority": {
    "statement": "THIS FILE IS THE SINGLE SOURCE OF TRUTH FOR THE BUSINESS POST WRITER AGENT. All keywords, H2 structure, pain point data, stats, FAQs, internal links, and tone defined here must be followed exactly. Do not override, reinterpret, or ignore any section unless the founder explicitly instructs you to during the writing session."
  },

  "metadata": {
    "post_title": "Nail Salon Google Business Profile — Savannah",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon Google Business Profile Savannah Georgia",
    "client_type": "salon",
    "service": "Campaign Post Package",
    "country": "United States",
    "region": "Georgia",
    "city": "Savannah",
    "area_borough": null,
    "post_slug": "nail-salon-google-business-profile-savannah",
    "cta_email": "contact@mirelleinspo.com",
    "research_date": "2026-05-15"
  },

  "cluster_snapshot": {
    "region": "Georgia",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon Google Business Profile Savannah Georgia — LOCKED",
    "secondary_keywords": [
      "nail salon get found Google Savannah",
      "nail salon local SEO Savannah",
      "nail salon Google Maps Savannah Georgia"
    ],
    "competition_level": "Low",
    "rankability_note": "High-value owner pain phrase with zero Savannah-targeted editorial competition. Generic Google Business guides rank nationally but none address a Savannah nail salon owner specifically.",
    "competitor_gap_notes": "Zoca (generic salon GBP guide), SeoProfy, GoSite, and LocalDominator rank with broad how-to content. None are Savannah-specific, nail-specific, or B2B editorial. Mirellé owns this with a single geo-targeted post.",
    "links_to": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
      "nail-salon-slow-days-fix-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "receives_links_from": [
      "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia"
    ],
    "keywords_to_avoid": [
      "best nail salon in Atlanta",
      "nail salon near me Atlanta",
      "top nail salons Savannah",
      "nail bar Buckhead",
      "nail salon Augusta GA",
      "nail salons Columbus GA",
      "best nail techs near me"
    ]
  },

  "semantic_vocabulary_inherited": {
    "writer_instruction": "This vocabulary was mined during cluster research and represents real language used by nail business owners in this region. Use it throughout the post — especially in the pain block, hook, and FAQ. This is how your reader actually talks.",
    "owner_pain_phrases": [
      "I have slow days and I don't know why",
      "my nails look great but no one is finding me",
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "I need to fill my appointment book",
      "I keep losing clients to other salons",
      "I don't know how to market myself",
      "I post on Instagram but get no new clients",
      "I've been doing nails for years and still struggling",
      "walk-ins are not enough anymore",
      "I have no idea how to get found online",
      "I have five-star reviews and I still don't come up",
      "I set up my profile but nothing happened",
      "clients tell me they couldn't find me on Google",
      "my competitor has fewer reviews but shows up above me"
    ],
    "visibility_language": [
      "not showing up on Google",
      "can't get found online",
      "invisible on Google Maps",
      "my Google Business Profile isn't working",
      "people can't find my salon",
      "I don't come up in search",
      "not in the Google three-pack",
      "my profile shows up but it's not ranking",
      "Google keeps showing the wrong information about my salon"
    ],
    "client_getting_language": [
      "fill my appointment book",
      "get more bookings",
      "attract new nail clients",
      "grow my client base",
      "get clients coming through the door",
      "steady stream of clients",
      "stop relying on word of mouth",
      "get more walk-ins",
      "tourists finding my salon",
      "new clients who found me on Google"
    ],
    "objection_phrases": [
      "marketing is too expensive for a small salon",
      "I don't have time to do social media",
      "I tried ads and they didn't work",
      "I don't know where to start",
      "I'm not tech savvy",
      "directories never bring real clients",
      "I already have a Google profile and it's not doing anything",
      "I don't understand why I'm not showing up when I'm verified"
    ],
    "industry_jargon": [
      "nail tech",
      "gel-x",
      "BIAB",
      "builder gel",
      "SNS dip",
      "acrylic set",
      "Russian manicure",
      "chrome finish",
      "stiletto shape",
      "coffin shape",
      "booth renter",
      "independent nail tech",
      "mobile nail tech",
      "chair rental"
    ],
    "brand_messaging_signals": [
      "professional-grade products for licensed nail techs",
      "grow your business with the right tools",
      "trusted by nail professionals nationwide",
      "education and business support for nail techs",
      "helping salon owners build their brand"
    ]
  },

  "serp_analysis": {
    "writer_instruction": "Use this to understand what is already ranking and exactly where Mirellé wins. The gap section is your competitive advantage — make sure the post owns every question competitors are not answering.",
    "what_ranks_now": "Page 1 for 'nail salon Google Business Profile Savannah Georgia' is entirely consumer-facing salon websites (eMarie, Crystal Nails, Famous Nails & Spa, Coco Nails) and generic GBP how-to guides (Zoca, SeoProfy, GoSite, LocalDominator). Zero B2B editorial exists for Savannah salon owners on this topic. Zoca's generic salon GBP post is the closest competitor — but it has zero Savannah context, no nail-specific pain points, and no local market intelligence.",
    "common_h2_topics": [
      "Why your business isn't showing on Google Maps",
      "How to verify your Google Business Profile",
      "NAP consistency explained",
      "How to get more Google reviews",
      "Optimising your GBP category",
      "Why proximity matters in local search",
      "How to fix a suspended GBP",
      "GBP posts and photos"
    ],
    "pain_points_they_ignore": [
      "The specific reality of a nail salon in a tourist city like Savannah — where GBP visibility means capturing 12.9 million annual visitors searching 'nail salon near me'",
      "Why a nail salon owner who has already verified her profile still doesn't show up — the verification vs ranking distinction",
      "The five-star-reviews-but-still-invisible problem specific to salon owners",
      "How Savannah's saturated salon market (multiple competing salons on Abercorn St, Waters Ave corridors) creates a GBP filter problem competitors never address",
      "The emotional reality of doing beautiful work and having an empty diary because no one can find you online",
      "What a complete vs optimised GBP actually looks like for a nail salon specifically — category selection, service menu, photo strategy",
      "The NAP consistency trap when a salon has changed address, phone, or name since originally listing"
    ],
    "tone_and_approach": "Generic and technical. Zoca's post is the most nail-relevant but still reads as a platform-marketing piece. No competitor writes peer-to-peer as a salon growth authority. All are listicle-format how-tos — none lead with the owner's emotional state.",
    "our_strategic_gap": "Mirellé can own this by writing directly to a Savannah nail salon owner who has done everything she thinks she should — set up the profile, maybe got verified — and still can't understand why she's invisible. The Savannah tourism angle (12.9 million visitors, $4.1 billion spend) is entirely unaddressed by competitors and gives this post a uniquely local credibility hook. No competitor has connected GBP visibility specifically to capturing tourist demand in Savannah."
  },

  "business_owner_intelligence": {
    "writer_instruction": "This is your primary creative brief. Every paragraph, sentence, and word choice speaks directly to this specific business owner in this specific situation. They are not a consumer. They are stressed, time-poor, and sceptical. Write like you know them.",
    "business_owner_profile": {
      "who_they_are": "A Savannah nail salon owner — likely running a small team of 2-5 technicians, or operating solo. She has been doing nails for years, knows her craft, and is proud of her work. She is active on Instagram and may have a basic website. She has set up a Google Business Profile at some point — possibly years ago — but has never actively managed it. She relies on regulars, word of mouth, and walk-ins from foot traffic on Abercorn or the historic district. She is not tech-savvy and finds 'SEO' overwhelming. She is increasingly aware that competitors are outranking her despite, in her view, being no better.",
      "their_core_problem": "She is invisible on Google Maps and in the local pack — the exact place where 12.9 million Savannah visitors and local residents search for a nail salon. She may be verified on GBP but has no idea her profile is incomplete, miscategorised, or undermined by inconsistent NAP data across the web.",
      "what_they_have_tried": "She has set up a Google profile (possibly years ago and not updated since). She posts on Instagram regularly. She may have run a Facebook ad or two with disappointing results. She relies heavily on word of mouth. She has not actively managed her reviews, never posts GBP updates, and her photos may be minimal or outdated.",
      "what_they_want": "New clients finding her salon organically — especially tourists who are in Savannah for a few days and searching 'nail salon near me' or 'best nail salon Savannah'. She wants her phone to ring more. She wants the appointment book filled without spending money on ads that feel unpredictable.",
      "what_makes_them_trust": "Proof that someone understands the nail business specifically — not generic marketing. Savannah-specific context (she knows her city). Straight talk about why she is invisible without jargon. Concrete, simple action. A clear and low-risk next step.",
      "what_makes_them_dismiss": "Anything that sounds like a sales pitch. Vague promises. Generic advice she's already read. Anyone who doesn't acknowledge she may already have a GBP and it still isn't working. Jargon she has to decode."
    },
    "top_5_pain_points": [
      "I set up my Google profile and I'm verified — I still don't show up when people search for a nail salon in Savannah",
      "My competitor has fewer reviews than me but she's in the Google three-pack and I'm not",
      "I know tourists come through Savannah constantly but they're booking other salons, not mine",
      "I post on Instagram every day and get likes but no new clients actually walk through my door",
      "I don't know if my listing has wrong information or if something is broken — I just know it's not working"
    ],
    "exact_phrases_they_use": [
      "I'm not showing up on Google",
      "my Google profile isn't doing anything",
      "people can't find me",
      "I have five-star reviews and still nothing",
      "I don't understand why she comes up first",
      "how do I get in the three-pack",
      "tourists are everywhere in Savannah and none of them are coming to me",
      "I set everything up and it's just sitting there",
      "I don't even know where to start with this",
      "I'm verified but I'm still invisible",
      "my phone number might be wrong somewhere",
      "how do I get Google to show my salon",
      "I tried Google My Business and it didn't work",
      "word of mouth isn't enough anymore",
      "I keep losing clients to that salon down the road",
      "my slow days are killing me",
      "I need to get found online"
    ],
    "emotional_state": "Frustrated and quietly embarrassed — she is proud of her work but feels invisible in her own city, and she suspects the reason is something she should understand but doesn't."
  },

  "semantic_keyword_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "Weave these naturally throughout the post. Primary keyword appears exactly twice in the pain block only — never force it elsewhere. AEO phrases should trigger direct answer paragraphs. Local keywords belong in the pain block and solution bridge. Never keyword-stuff.",
    "primary_keyword": "nail salon Google Business Profile Savannah Georgia — LOCKED — appears twice in pain block only",
    "keyword_variations": [
      "nail salon Google Business Profile Savannah",
      "nail salon GBP Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon not showing on Google Savannah",
      "nail salon not appearing on Google Maps Savannah",
      "nail salon local search visibility Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon Google Maps Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon get found Google Savannah"
    ],
    "semantic_keywords": [
      "local SEO nail salon",
      "Google local pack nail salon",
      "Google three-pack salon",
      "NAP consistency nail salon",
      "nail salon online visibility",
      "Google Maps nail salon ranking",
      "nail salon local search",
      "nail salon Google reviews",
      "nail salon Google listing optimisation",
      "nail salon digital visibility",
      "nail salon search ranking",
      "salon Google Business category",
      "nail salon local citations",
      "nail salon GBP management"
    ],
    "local_keywords": [
      "nail salon Savannah Georgia",
      "nail salon near me Savannah",
      "nail salon Abercorn Street Savannah",
      "nail salon Savannah historic district",
      "nail salon Chatham County Georgia",
      "nail salon Savannah GA visibility",
      "nail salon found online Savannah",
      "Savannah nail salon marketing"
    ],
    "aeo_question_phrases": [
      "Why is my nail salon not showing up on Google Maps in Savannah?",
      "How do I get my nail salon to appear in the Google three-pack in Savannah?",
      "Why does my competitor's nail salon rank higher than mine on Google in Savannah?",
      "What is the most important thing to fix on my nail salon's Google Business Profile?",
      "Do I need a website for my nail salon to show up on Google in Savannah?",
      "How long does it take for a nail salon GBP to rank on Google Maps?",
      "Why is my nail salon verified on Google but still not showing up?",
      "How can a Savannah nail salon get found by tourists searching Google?"
    ],
    "user_language_terms": [
      "Google My Business nail salon",
      "GMB for nail salon",
      "get found on Google",
      "nail salon not coming up on Google",
      "nail salon invisible on Maps",
      "make my salon show up on Google",
      "get in the Google three-pack",
      "fix my Google listing nail salon"
    ]
  },

  "stat_block": {
    "writer_instruction": "Place these three stats in the Stats / Credibility Block. Write one sentence of context around each so the business owner understands why it matters to them specifically. Source each stat — do not present as Mirellé claims.",
    "stat_1": {
      "stat": "Savannah welcomed 12.9 million visitors in 2024, with visitor spending reaching $4.1 billion — a 2.3% year-on-year increase.",
      "source": "Visit Savannah / Hotel Dive, August 2025",
      "context": "Every one of those 12.9 million visitors is a potential client searching 'nail salon near me' on their phone. Without a complete, optimised Google Business Profile, your salon is invisible to every single one of them."
    },
    "stat_2": {
      "stat": "76% of people who search for a local business on their smartphone visit a related business within 24 hours — and 28% of those searches result in a purchase the same day.",
      "source": "Google, via Backlinko Local SEO Statistics 2025",
      "context": "Local search is not browsing — it is a client who has already decided to book. If your nail salon does not appear in the Google local pack when they search, that booking goes to whoever does."
    },
    "stat_3": {
      "stat": "Businesses with a complete Google Business Profile are 2.7 times more likely to be considered reputable, 70% more likely to be visited, and 50% more likely to generate a purchase.",
      "source": "Google / BrightLocal, cited in multiple 2025 local SEO studies",
      "context": "A complete profile is not the same as a verified one. Most salon owners who feel invisible on Google are not unverified — their profile is simply incomplete, miscategorised, or stale."
    }
  },

  "faq_data": {
    "writer_instruction": "These are real objections. Answer each directly and honestly. Do not dodge. Do not oversell. A business owner who feels their doubts are understood and respected is far more likely to reach out than one who reads polished spin.",
    "faqs": [
      {
        "question": "I already set up my Google Business Profile and I'm verified. Why am I still invisible?",
        "answer": "Verification tells Google your business exists. It does not tell Google to rank you. Ranking in the local pack depends on three signals — relevance (does your profile match what someone is searching for), proximity (how close you are to the searcher), and prominence (reviews, activity, citations, and editorial mentions across the web). Most salon owners who are verified but invisible have an incomplete profile, the wrong primary category, inconsistent contact details across the internet, or very few recent reviews. All of these are fixable — but you need to know which one is your actual problem."
      },
      {
        "question": "My competitor has fewer reviews than me and her profile looks basic. Why does she rank above me?",
        "answer": "Review count is one factor — but it is not the only one. Google also looks at how complete the profile is, how recently it was active, whether the name, address, and phone number match everywhere online, and whether the primary category is the most relevant one. If her profile is 100% complete, recently updated, and correctly categorised while yours is partially filled and untouched since 2021, she will outrank you regardless of your review count."
      },
      {
        "question": "Will getting an editorial feature or directory listing actually help my Google ranking?",
        "answer": "Yes — and this is something most salon owners do not know. Google uses external mentions, citations, and editorial coverage to assess your salon's prominence online. A listing or feature on an established editorial platform creates a citation signal that reinforces your NAP data, adds a backlink, and signals to Google that your salon is a real, credible business. It will not fix a broken profile on its own — but it is one of the legitimate signals Google uses to decide which salons appear in the local pack."
      },
      {
        "question": "I don't really understand SEO. Is this something I actually need to think about?",
        "answer": "You do not need to understand SEO. You need to understand that when someone in Savannah searches for a nail salon on their phone, Google shows three salons at the top before anything else. Those three salons are getting the vast majority of new client bookings from search. If you are not one of them, those bookings are going to someone else. Whether you call that SEO or just 'getting found on Google', the outcome is the same — and it is worth your attention."
      },
      {
        "question": "Savannah already has a lot of nail salons. Is there any point trying to rank on Google?",
        "answer": "The competition actually makes Google visibility more valuable, not less. When there are many salons competing for the same clients, the ones showing up in the Google local pack take the vast majority of new bookings. The ones below the pack or absent entirely depend entirely on word of mouth and repeat business — which is a fragile position. Savannah also brings 12.9 million visitors a year who have no existing salon loyalty and are making decisions entirely based on what comes up when they search."
      }
    ]
  },

  "content_structure": {
    "writer_instruction": "Follow this H2 structure exactly. Each heading maps to a post component. You may add H3s under any H2. Do not rename, reorder, or replace H2s unless the founder explicitly instructs it.",
    "h1": "Your Savannah Nail Salon Is Invisible on Google — Here Is Why and What to Fix",
    "h2_structure": [
      "H2 1: You Have a Google Profile. You Are Still Not Showing Up. Here Is Why That Happens.",
      "H2 2: Why Your Competitor Ranks Above You — Even With Fewer Reviews",
      "H2 3: What Savannah Nail Salons Need That Generic Guides Never Tell You",
      "H2 4: What Mirellé Does to Put Your Salon in Front of Clients Who Are Searching Right Now",
      "H2 5: The Numbers Behind Why Google Visibility Matters in Savannah",
      "H2 6: Questions Savannah Salon Owners Ask Before Getting Started"
    ],
    "post_component_map": {
      "H2_1": "Pain Block — hits the verified-but-invisible problem. Primary keyword appears here naturally twice.",
      "H2_2": "Pain Block continued — the competitor comparison pain. Explains the ranking vs verification gap without jargon.",
      "H2_3": "Solution Bridge — introduces Mirellé editorially. Ties in Savannah tourism angle and what local editorial presence does for GBP prominence. Never salesy.",
      "H2_4": "What We Offer — 3-4 bullets. What they get from Mirellé specifically.",
      "H2_5": "Stats / Credibility Block — three sourced stats with context. Builds trust before CTA.",
      "H2_6": "FAQ — five real objections answered honestly.",
      "CTA": "Mailto button to contact@mirelleinspo.com — after FAQ. Post ends here. No conclusion, no recap."
    }
  },

  "internal_links": {
    "writer_instruction": "All links below are mandatory. Place each at the point indicated — editorially, not as standalone CTAs. The link should feel like a natural next step for the reader, not an interruption.",
    "links": [
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-salon-directory-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Salon Directory — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place in H2 3 (Solution Bridge) — after introducing what editorial presence does for GBP prominence. Natural bridge: 'For Savannah salon owners building their online presence, a listing in our Savannah directory is the right starting point.' Positions the directory as step one in a broader visibility strategy.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      },
      {
        "url_or_slug": "nail-salon-slow-days-fix-savannah-georgia",
        "title": "Nail Salon Slow Days Fix — Savannah Georgia",
        "placement_note": "Place at the end of H2 1 or H2 2 (Pain Block) — when discussing the direct business consequence of GBP invisibility (slow days, empty appointment book). Natural bridge: 'If slow days are the symptom you are dealing with, read this next — it goes deeper into what Savannah salon owners can do to fill the book.' Connects the visibility problem to the revenue outcome the owner is actually feeling.",
        "link_type": "cluster-mandatory"
      }
    ]
  },

  "tone_guidance": {
    "writer_instruction": "Mirellé tone is fixed — editorial, authoritative, direct, British English, no em dashes. The nuance for a salon client type is peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. They run a business and they know it — speak to that.",
    "fixed": "Editorial. Authoritative. Direct. Sharp industry insider. Never salesy. Never generic. British English only. Em dashes banned entirely.",
    "client_type_nuance": "Salon owner tone: Peer-level respect. Owner-to-owner energy. She runs a real business, manages staff or a solo chair, and is dealing with real financial pressure. Do not explain things she knows (she knows what a nail salon is, she knows Instagram doesn't fill books). Acknowledge what she has already tried. Speak to the gap between her skill and her visibility. Never be patronising.",
    "savannah_specific_note": "The Savannah angle is a genuine editorial asset — 12.9 million visitors, $4.1 billion spend, a thriving hospitality economy. Use this to make the owner feel the scale of the opportunity she is currently missing, not as a gimmick. It should land as: 'There is serious money moving through your city and your salon is currently invisible to all of it.'",
    "always_avoid": [
      "Generic marketing advice tone",
      "Salesy or pushy phrasing",
      "Overly casual or chatty language",
      "Robotic or AI-sounding phrasing",
      "Em dashes — banned entirely",
      "Mirellé spelled with è — always é"
    ]
  }
}
